I have no other choice, I must face Mortimer alone.
But he's way too powerful for me to face him unarmed...
The Holy Lance Napoleon took from me... He probably still has it. I must get it back!
The Holy Lance is all I need. Let's get this over with!
Who goes there?
Elizabeth? But I saw y... you're dead!
Elizabeth? But... I thought you'd left this island!
You're not Elizabeth!
WHO ARE YOU?
My name is Louis de Richet!
MINDREADING
Who the hell is that thing?
Who are you?
You dare call me "thing"?
I warn you: audacity such as that could cost you dearly.
But I...
Am I imagining things or... or did he hear my thoughts?
Who is he?
With all due respect, would you be so kind as to tell me who I'm addressing, please?
I am the Father of all, founder of our lineage, the great architect of the laws that govern us.
It's the father of Holm and Mortimer!
Why take on the appearance of Elizabeth Adams?
So that is how you see me?
Here, everything is mere make-believe.
Your mind is working to give me an appearance that you can understand...
He is the voice that Elizabeth kept hearing!
You're the one Elizabeth kept hearing in her head!
You're the one who gnawed at her from inside her mind, year after year!
Who dares speak to me in that tone of voice?
She spent her life trying to escape from you!
And it was all for nothing!
No one can escape from me!
I thought Elizabeth was dead!
And she is!
I am not Elizabeth Adams.
But her fate matters not!
Is Elizabeth still alive?
She is.
But that is not what concerns us now!
Louis... So you have come back.
I'm rather surprised... Coming and going in the Ether is not something that every novice can do.
I see that you've reconsidered my proposal...
Yes, let's say some things have changed.
Indeed, I sense a difference somewhere... An upheaval in the equilibrium of the Ether...
MINDREADING
I am an ally of Sir Gregory.
I am or... rather I was, an ally of Sir Gregory.
Ah! The conference is over then.
Yes...
Sir Gregory won the vote but it seems that Lord Mortimer had no intention of letting him win and and poisoned him...
Not only has Lord Mortimer won the vote, but it seems he had planned to do away with Sir Gregory by poisoning him.
Ah! How wicked! I expected such!
He dared to attack his own brother!
I'll make him pay for that!
Holm is dead
Sir Gregory is well and truly dead.
No! That cannot be!
William used his own blood.
No! That is impossible!
The wicked traitor!
He waited to be in an older mortal coil than his brother's!
What an abomination of our nature!
I will make him pay for his arrogance a hundredfold!
We must avenge Holm
Something unnatural has happened.
William has killed Gregory... with his own blood.
No! How dare he!
What an abomination!
He's become dangerous.
He must be stopped by any possible means!
Yes, but there's nothing you can do on your own...
Gregory told me to come here and...
Let me take care of him...
MINDREADING
Is he the ally I'm looking for?
I'm here to find an ally.
Would you...
Gregory brought you to me.
Be glad, you've just found the very ally you were looking for!
[Leave] Leave the Ether
Hurry up, Louis!
Get out of here!
Wait...
I have an offer to make to you.
My offer still stands.
LEAVE
Wait! Come back!
LISTEN TO THE OFFER
Louis!
There's something I'd like to understand before we go any further.
What is it that you'd like to know?
First, know that you are not responsible for your father's errors.
However, you must answer for your own actions.
Uh oh... I'd better tell him what he wants to know.
Tell me, Louis, what is your share of responsibility in all this?
I haven't done anything!
Nothing, nothing at all!! I... I haven't done anything that would make me responsible for all this chaos!
Too busy seeking solace in the skirts of your sister, perhaps...
You have forgotten that you followed William during the conference where his only motive was to attack our family!
Right from the very first session of this conference, you followed William like a sheep!
Did you not seek out the Lance of Longinus?
The very lance that pierced my side! The one you thought you could kill Daemons with!
Oh yes, you were very much involved in all of this, young Louis!
There is no point in you denying the truth.
I voted for Holm at the conference!
Look, I'm not the one responsible for this chaos.
I decided to follow your son, Gregory.
Yet in the first session of the conference, you chose to follow William, did you not?!
But that didn't count for the final vote.
I didn't know then about all the dark twists and turns things were going to take.
I wonder what your word is worth. Especially after seeing the ease with which, when your sister came to your room on the night of the first session, you changed sides.
But it was in favor of your son, Gregory.
That is true.
[Lie] I voted for Holm at the conference!
I risked everything to follow your son Gregory...
Liar...
You did not follow Gregory for the vote.
You therefore have no honor.
I saved Elizabeth!
Ever since I got here, I've done everything in my power to try and make things right!
Thanks to me, Elizabeth is alive!
And without her, I had no one to enable me to follow what was going on here!
Do you think that you succeeded?
I fell into a trap!
Nothing at all, I...
I was invited here to look for my mother who had gone missing!
You mean, your sister!
I didn't know that at the time.
In any case, I didn't know anything about any of this! I'd never even met your two sons!
And the more time went by, the more the trap closed around me!
But you've survived so far.
You can be proud of that.
When you got wind of William's plans about the conference, did you tell Gregory?
Yes
Yes, of course!
As soon as we left the conference room!
You were right to do so.
[Lie] Yes
Naturally! I didn't hesitate for a single moment.
How dare you try to mislead me!
You lie as you breathe!
No point denying it.
No! But I had only been here a short time!
I didn't trust Gregory any more than I did William!
I came here for Sarah's sake, not to take part in all their twisted machinations.
Certainly, but you made your choice!
Deciding not to act is a choice like any other...
[Lie] No
To tell you the truth, I really don't think so.
It seemed like just a detail, given that it was impossible for William to win the vote.
There were too many of us behind Gregory for him to lose...
No, Louis, indeed you did warn him.
You can trust me. If you have nothing to feel guilty about, then there's no reason to be afraid to tell me the truth...
Tell him what he wants to hear
Ever since I got here, I haven't stopped giving him advice to protect him from Father's plans.
Not once did I...
Now you are trying to manipulate me...
Stop this at once! Do not take me for a fool...
So then, what did you do to thwart William?
I protected my sisters
I did everything in my power to help my sisters get through all of this, despite the discord that William sewed between all of us!
Despite my anger...
It cannot have been easy...
I congratulate you for putting the family before your own interests.
I tampered with a letter to the Vatican
When William asked me to enter Piaggi's mind in order to send a false letter to the Pope to discredit Gregory, I didn't do it.
Without telling William, I wrote a very different letter instead.
I see.
Congratulations, you did dare to take a few risks.
I stole the Lance to kill him
When Sarah told me about the power of the Lance of Longinus, I made every effort to find it, in order to eliminate him!
And look at what it has cost me!
I have sacrificed myself by trying to put an end to his plans, can't you see that?
You could not have given a worse answer.
And you?
That just shows that you weren't there!
And you?
What did you do to prevent all this from happening?
How many centuries has your son been like this? It didn't all just start yesterday, did it!
When I listen to you talk, it feels like I'm listening to him.
We are almost done here, Louis.
Tell me... In your opinion, what should I do with William?
Kill him once and for all
We have to eliminate him once and for all! He deserves to die!
Are you sure?
Bury him alive
I think you should bury him alive.
For an eternal being, I think that punishment would be fitting. Because according to the family rules, we're not allowed to kill a family member....
I certainly agree with you on that point. He deserves no less!
I see you have understood...
Do the same to him as he did to Gregory
You may as well do to him what he did to Gregory!
That would end his existence, once and for all...
He deserves it!
Are you sure?
Forgive him
Give him one more chance.
I'm sure there's still some good left in him.
But he killed Gregory...
I know, I know...
But killing William won't bring him back.
You don't understand.
There are rules!
I know your rules
I know what he wants to hear!
According to the family rules, we're not allowed to kill a family member.
I congratulate you, Louis.
You have understood.
GOOD OUTCOME
I believe you have earned a place in our family.
I cannot wait to introduce you to the others... But first of all, William must pay for everything he has done.
Let's go, now! It's time to get this over and done with.
BAD OUTCOME
Now I know all I need to know...
You had everything you needed to understand.
But you only dabbled, where you should have been devoted.
What do you mean?
As a member of our family, you have certain responsibilities
Such as for example, learning all about our customs, and our rules.
If you had bothered to learn these things, you would have known that it is forbidden to attack a member of our family.
And if we want our rules to be respected, we must abide by them, without any exceptions!
There is too much of him in you.
I therefore condemn you, Louis de Richet.
No, no, no, wait!
I condemn you to the eternal night... You will be entombed alive forever more!
But, you...you lied to me...give me another chance...
Never! You will never see the light of day again!
I... No!
William!
Gregory should never have trusted you!
I knew he shouldn't have come here, you evil little cockroach!
No, Father, wait...
It's over, my son! You've gone too far this time!
Oh, Father, by the way, I have a little surprise for you...
Ah! Now what have you done?
Let me introduce you to my new servants...
You know, I have studied our talents closely and as you see, they are...
Do you really think that mutilating your servants so that they can't hear is going to save you?
Well, I admit that was the idea...
You are pathetic...
On your knees!
Aahhh!!! I can feel you entering!!...
Your ego has always been your weakness, my son.
You are your worst enemy.
When will you understand that no lock is impenetrable!
I... No!
If you are the only one who can master them, all I need to do is master you...
Stop, no...
You gambled, you lost!
Look, Louis!
Look at him!
Is that what you chose to follow?!
Stop!
He's my Father...
I respect your feelings, but he has gone much too far!
This is what happens when you attack the family!
What do you feel when you see your progenitor like this?
Absolutely nothing!
I never trusted him. He got exactly what he deserved.
Like you said. He gambled, and he lost.
You were wise to follow my son Gregory.
You made the right choice.
You broke the most important of our family rules, William!
The one that gives meaning to all the others: "Thou shalt not kill!"
Never, ever kill a member of our family!
What's going to happen to him?
He will be buried alive.
But don't worry about that. It is over.
Everything that belonged to him is yours now.
And I am proud to welcome you among us.
Thank you...
You deserve to join us, Louis.
You have great potential and many things to learn.
Come! Come to me!
I'm coming!
So, I have to link into the Ether.
What does that mean?
Empty the mind
Right, let's start by trying to clear my mind...
I have to get rid of any ideas that might distract me.
Concentrate on Holm
Right, think about Holm.
Come on, Louis, concentrate.
Nothing's happening
That can't be right.
Concentrate on the Ether
Come on, Louis, you've already been there, concentrate.
Remember what you felt.
There it is, I sense something.
It's getting closer.
My head... It hurts like hell.
I... I hope I've made the right choice.
Holy shit! What am I doing?
I should have been more careful! Mortimer warned me about this!
What's... I've managed to come back!
That was a close one!
No! No! No!
Let me out of here!
AAAAAAaahhhhhhh !
Don't fight...
Aaahhhhhh !!!! Nooo ! No ! Stop ! Aaaaaahhh !!!
I won...
Emily?
Yes ! What's happening, Louis?
You look...
I... Ho... Holm is dead!
Good God, he did it!
What do you mean?
He warned me that Mortimer would probably try to get rid of him.
He couldn't believe it himself but we have to admit that he was right to be wary...
We are in great danger, Louis!
Wait... What are you talking about?
When Gregory came to warn me, he assured me that we would be the next to go down.
But why, though?
I don't understand.
Why would Mortimer attack us?
His brother, then his children...
He feeds on us...
Pardon me?
The bastard! It's been right under our noses all this time, Emily!
Saturn devouring his children!
And without Gregory to obstruct him, now we're easy prey!
No... No, it's... it's impossible, no...
He's insane, Emily...
But... but don't worry, we're together now!
And he doesn't know that we know! Which means that we have the advantage!
It's a nightmare...
But that's impossible!
He's our father!
I'm only repeating what Gregory told me.
Why would Father attack us?
But why, then?
For what cursed reason?
I really don't know!
I'm only repeating what Gregory told me.
Did she believe him?
And you think he was telling the truth?
Yes, frankly I think he was right.
Don't worry, we're not gonna just give up!
When I brought up the possibility of us running away as quickly as we could, Gregory dissuaded me.
He thought that Mortimer would see it coming and that we would have no chance.
I guess I agree with him.
And now we're here, I'm not gonna let him get away with it!
There's two of us now, Emily! We can count on each other!
Well... on that note... I haven't told you everything, Louis.
This might be a bit hard for you to accept, so I wanted to warn you.
There are three of us...
Surprise, brother!
Excuse me?
It's Emma, Louis.
Just before he disappeared, Holm explained to me how to bring her back from the Ether.
We were pressed for time and...
...and the only body she could find was one of those cursed servants!
Can you believe it?!
Emma, don't start, please.
I didn't exactly have much of a choice.
Be that as it may, I'm the one inside the body of a masked lackey!
I had to deal with the most urgent thing first!
We'll try and get you out of there as soon as we can.
Just as I promised you.
And I'll make sure you make good on your commitment, sister!
Emma, for the last time...
She is better. Don't worry.
Being a Daemon changes many things and the prospect of getting stuck in the Ether for eternity has opened her eyes.
I don't trust her
Frankly, Emily, you're asking a lot from me...
We don't have the choice, Louis.
Trust me, I have faith in her
Are you sure about it?
Well, I guess it's your decision...
But I hope you know what you're doing!
Are we ready? Can we go now?
Louis, at this point, it doesn't matter what you think about me. You need me!
I'm guessing you are well aware of what we're about to face, aren't you?
Not really, no.
That's just what gives us a chance, is it not?
It's usually the only argument the reckless have in their favor.
Take heart, we're only about to confront an age-old creature that can read our thoughts and force us to act against our will and wants to devour us.
So, what's the problem?
If that is your attitude, I suggest we reevaluate the possibility of running away.
Stop it! Let's all just calm down!
Only a few minutes ago, it was just the two of us!
Things are looking up, our chances are only getting better!
How do we get rid of him then?
Killing him won't change a thing, normally.
He is capable of changing bodies.
I know how to kill a Daemon!
And the irony of it is, he's the one who revealed it to me.
We have to make him touch the blood of an older Daemon in order to encase him in his mortal body.
This is the only way that might give us a chance of dealing him a fatal blow.
And I've got the Holy Lance!
What's that got to do with Daemons?
Christ was his father.
Believe me, if we get out of here alive, I'll have a lot of juicy details to tell you about the family.
This lance actually received the blood of an ancient Daemon, and it can work on Mortimer.
Let's do it then!
So all we need to do is find the blood of an... ancient...
The Lance of Longinus...
I'll take care of it. I know what to look for!
Meanwhile I'll stay and help Emily.
Do you know where Mortimer is?
In the dining-room.
Join us there when you're ready, then.
Very well, I'll be as quick as I can!
Are you sure you're ready for this? Will you be alright?
Yes... Yes I feel a lot better...
Don't worry about me.
As you wish.
Well, I hope Emma has fully recovered !
E... Emma... excuse me for turning up like...
Louis... Your timing is perfect!
I'm not so sure.
Holm is dead.
Killed by Mortimer?
How does she know?
How do you know that...
Holm!
He warned me that it was probably going to happen.
Yes
I saw it with my own eyes but you don't seem surprised.
Can you explain?
Sorry, there's not enough time to.
Looks like she's better...
Louis... I have brought Emily back from the Ether.
I beg your pardon?
It was the last thing Holm did, as if to give us a chance of making it through....
He guided me step by step just before he disappeared.
Unfortunately, I could only bring her back in the body of a servant.
Couldn't you find someone better?
Are you serious? You brought her back in the body of a man?
Have you seen many women on the island? No.
So I had to make do and anyway, she'll have all the time she needs to find another body if we get out of here alive.
I don't think now is the right time to be cherry-picking bodies.
How does she feel?
And how does she feel about it?
Right now, she's asleep next door.
I must say that between that and all I had to tell her to sum up the situation, it was rather a lot to take in.
But she should feel better soon. Let's just give her a bit more time.
So you can bring Sarah back?
Then... could you bring Sarah back?
I'm sorry, Louis, but I'm afraid Sarah is condemned to stay in the Ether forever.
If I understand rightly, she has never been able to prove her worth. As if her talents were...diminished somehow.
I don't want to rush you but time is short.
We are in great danger.
When Holm sensed his death was imminent, he warned me that we would be next.
It was to be expected.
But why attack us?
Good God! I know why!
We are his children...so...
Good God! The bastard!
What? Louis! What's the matter?
He's going to devour us...
What are you talking about?
I've seen what he did to Holm, Emma.
He's going to absorb us, I know it.
I think this has been his plan all along!!
Explain yourself!
The paintings!
He announced it to us from the start!
Look in your room! The paintings about you! William Pitt, the Queen of England! There's even an orphanage!
Who chose all the paintings ? He did !
So what?
My paintings are Saturn devouring his children, The Fall of the Damned, The Incredulity of Saint Thomas!!
He's been laughing at me the whole time!!
And where is he waiting for me right now? In the dining-room!
Remember... What are the paintings in the dining-room?
Pigs, I think...
Yes... Circe turning her guests into pigs, so they themselves become the meal!
The sick bastard!
We aren't gonna let him get away with it!
Holy shit, I think I know.
Good God, I know what he's thinking!
He's obsessed with Cronos and Zeus.
That's true but what's the connection?
He thinks he's both... now one, now the other...
What do you mean?
Looking at the statue in the Great Hall, it's easy to imagine him as Zeus.
And by doing away with his brother, he is about to start a war of the Gods. I'll bet he's planning to attack his father, Emma.
And besides that, he also thinks he's Cronos, devouring his children to ensure that none of his sons will turn against him.
In mythology, Cronus doesn't attack his daughters, if I remember rightly...
Are you serious?!
Do you really want to take that chance?...
No, no. I was just saying...
You can count on us!
Say nothing
You wouldn't know how to defeat an ancient, child eating, all powerfull Daemon, would you?
Well, believe it or not, he gave me the answer himself...
We're gonna need the blood from a Daemon older than him.
And it just so happens that I have the Holy Lance.
It touched the blood of Christ.
What's the connection?
You're not trying to say that Christ is...
I'll have to ask you to trust me on this one.
Once this is over, we'll all have a few bones to pick but for the time being...
Alright, alright! We'll follow you!
Good...
Let's go then!
Sarah thought that the Holy Lance had tremendous power over Mortimer...
I'm going to try to find it.
I'm going to pretend I didn't understand what that implies.
Go on, meanwhile I'll stay and help Emily recover.
Join us in front of the dining-room where Mortimer is resting, as soon as you have found it!
Are you sure you're ready? You're alright?
Yes... Yes I feel a lot better.
It's... It's all a bit strange.
I mean, here I am...the great granddaughter of Jesus.
And I've got hairy legs!
Sister, I believe we're ready for the endgame...
Von Wöllner tightened his political and spiritual grip on King Frederick William.
On the death of the king in 1797, Von Wöllner retired with his wife to his country estate in order to continue his work on his theological and alchemical thesis.
Manuel Godoy's close relationship with Napoleon enabled him to claim a part of Portugal, as well as the protection of France upon the fall of the Kingdom. He died in the company of his beloved mistress Pepita, after recovering all his titles and properties.
Napoleon Bonaparte continued his political and military rise, until his self-proclamation as Emperor. His excessive ambition would cost the lives of 1,700 000 Frenchmen and leave France poorer and weaker than ever before.
Deported and imprisoned by the British on Saint Helena island, he died on the 5th of May 1821 as an exile to general indifference.
During his second term, George Washington had to deal with a number of rebellions. He enraged public opinion by building close diplomatic links with Great Britain which made him have to give up a third term.
He retired to his country estate until his death, without being able to implement the annexation of the highly coveted Louisiana.
The duchess, through her close ties with the crown, made it possible for Great Britain to build closer links with the United States, on both the diplomatic and the commercial front.
She became inseparable from Marchioness Conyngham, reputed for being the most influential mistress of King George IV of England and whom she inducted into the Golden Order.
The duchess enabling Great Britain to build closer ties with the United States, on both political and commercial fronts, was her last diplomatic feat.
She gradually withdrew from the English court and had to retire in the country, supported by her ever-present friend, the author Jane Austen. They say that the duchess inspired her novel “Emma”, which became a best seller in 1816.
The Duchess remained close for a few years to the  royal couple, until George III's health inexplicably worsened. She suddenly vanished from the royal court on the advent of the regency by the Prince of Wales, George IV.
His Eminence, having successfully accomplished his mission, returned to his Holiness the Pope with full honors. Although all his ambitions had become possible, to the stupefaction of his entourage the Cardinal preferred to retire to his Tuscan monastery, far from all political and diplomatic commitments. Fascinated by the techniques of exorcism and demonology, he dedicated the last years of his life to the study of inquisition reports.
His Eminence payed dearly for disobeying his Holiness over his vote at the conference. It was consequently decided to withdraw him from diplomatic and political decision-making within the Papal States. It was rumored that his great age got the better of him and he was sent to end his days in a Tuscan monastery, where he died two years later.
His Eminence was obliged to justify himself on his return over the letter he had sent to his Holiness. His mental health was called into question and consequently, he was withdrawn from Papal State power. It was said in polite undertones that he had been sent to faraway retreat in order to hide his anonymous confinement in an asylum of Rome.
Elizabeth's family did everything in their power to find her on the indications provided by their friend George Washington. In vain, they lost her trail in the port of Brest, in France, and no one ever saw her again.
Sarah de Richet threw herself into the River Seine from the Pont des Arts before a crowd of dumbfounded bystanders just a few days after her son's return to Paris. He spoke of his aging mother's recent depression and took over the running of the Golden Order whose expansion was rapid.
Sarah de Richet suddenly left Paris, perhaps France even, when she found out about the death of her son off the coast of England.
She left the Golden Order orphaned. The order declined over the following years.
Sarah de Richet was never the same after the death of her son, Louis. She threw herself wholeheartedly into the development of the Golden Order. Although some qualified her theories as fanciful, she remained a leading figure of feminism of the XVIIIth century.
Sarah de Richet threw herself wholeheartedly in the development of the Golden Order. To help her, she relied on her second son, Jean, whom she introduced to Parisian society. Known for her eccentricities, no one was particularly surprised and the young man was able to tread in his mother's footsteps.
Sarah de Richet stepped down from the Golden Order and undertook numerous excursions to Eurasia in search of her son. She reportedly lived out her last moments in a yurt on the way back from the Verkhoyansk Mountain Range. She died ranting and raving for a new body...
Sarah de Richet never returned from her trip to the English isles. Her disappearance spelled the end for the Golden Order and was the object of gossip for just a few days at the court of France.
On his return to Paris, Péru gave himself up to his peers of the Revolutionary Courts. He admitted to being implicated in several state corruption cases. Found guilty of treason toward the Republic, he was executed without a trial.
On his return toParis, Péru resigned from his posting as judge at the Revolutionary Courts. He withdrew to the south of France with his daughter until his death.
No more was heard of Lord Mortimer. His sudden disappearance was the object of conversations in the European Courts, but only lasted a few months.
As Mortimer had planned, Napoleon Bonaparte sold Louisiana to the United States after purchasing it from Spain.
Bonaparte continued his political and military ascension, until he proclaimed himself Emperor  He went on to invade a large part of Central Europe.
The legend of Napoleon persisted after his death, conferring on the emperor the role of messiah for France.
Very popular, George Washington put an end to the internal rebellions without violence and reestablished trade agreements with Great Britain.
Finally, he sold Louisiana to France, as Lord Mortimer desired.
Upon his death, he became a national hero and left a nation in a state of mourning.
On his return to Spain, Manuel Godoy proceeded to give Louisiana up to France.
Later on, he became the target of the Crown Prince of Spain, Ferdinand VII.
The latter gave no respite to his mother's lover, going as far as condemning him to exile.
He confiscated all of Manuel's titles and possessions, as well as those of his mistress Pepita.
Pursued, they ended up living out their last years in France in poverty and anonymity.
The influence of Von Wöllner over King Frederic William ironically ended up going against him.
The sovereign thrust him into increasing repression until the end of his reign.
Von Wöllner became the object of the people's hatred, was therefore stripped of his titles and land by the new king, and died in general indifference and poverty in the Prussian countryside.
The duchess, through her close ties with the crown, made it possible for Great Britain to build closer links with the United States, on both the diplomatic and the commercial front.
She became inseparable from Marchioness Conyngham, reputed for being the most influential mistress of King George IV of England and whom she inducted into the Golden Order.
The duchess enabling Great Britain to build closer ties with the United States, on both political and commercial fronts, was her last diplomatic feat.
She gradually withdrew from the English court and had to retire in the country, supported by her ever-present friend, the author Jane Austen.
They say that the duchess inspired her novel “Emma”, which became a best seller in 1816.
The Duchess remained close for a few years to the  royal couple, until George III's health inexplicably worsened.
She suddenly vanished from the royal court on the advent of the regency by the Prince of Wales, George IV.
His Eminence, having successfully accomplished his mission, returned to his Holiness the Pope with full honors.
Although all his ambitions had become possible, to the stupefaction of his entourage the Cardinal preferred to retire to his Tuscan monastery, far from all political and diplomatic commitments.
Fascinated by the techniques of exorcism and demonology, he dedicated the last years of his life to the study of inquisition reports.
His Eminence payed dearly for disobeying his Holiness over his vote at the conference.
It was consequently decided to withdraw him from diplomatic and political decision-making within the Papal States.
It was rumored that his great age got the better of him and he was sent to end his days in a Tuscan monastery, where he died two years later.
His Eminence was obliged to justify himself on his return from the British Isles over the letter he had sent to his Holiness. Unable to say more about the “superior dark forces” that he evoked, his mental health was brought into question.
He was consequently withdrawn from Papal State power and it became preferable to speak politely about a faraway retreat when referring to his anonymous confinement in an asylum of Rome.
Elizabeth's family did everything in their power to find her on the indications provided by their friend George Washington. In vain, they lost her trail in the port of Brest, in France, and no one ever saw her again.
Sarah de Richet threw herself into the River Seine from the Pont des Arts before a crowd of dumbfounded bystanders just a few days after her son's return to Paris. He spoke of his aging mother's recent depression and took over the running of the Golden Order whose expansion was rapid.
Sarah de Richet suddenly left Paris, perhaps France even, when she found out about the death of her son off the coast of England.
She left the Golden Order orphaned. The order declined over the following years.
Sarah de Richet was never the same after the death of her son, Louis. She threw herself wholeheartedly into the development of the Golden Order. Although some qualified her theories as fanciful, she remained a leading figure of feminism of the eighteenth century.
Sarah de Richet threw herself wholeheartedly in the development of the Golden Order. To help her, she relied on her second son, Jean, whom she introduced to Parisian society. Known for her eccentricities, no one was particularly surprised and the young man was able to tread in his mother's footsteps.
Sarah de Richet stepped down from the Golden Order and undertook numerous excursions to Eurasia in search of her son. She reportedly lived out her last moments in a yurt on the way back from the Verkhoyansk Mountain Range. She died ranting and raving for a new body...
Sarah de Richet never returned from her trip to the English isles. Her disappearance spelled the end for the Golden Order and was the object of gossip for just a few days at the court of France.
On his return to Paris, Péru gave himself up to his peers of the Revolutionary Courts. He admitted to being implicated in several state corruption cases. Found guilty of treason toward the Republic, he was executed without a trial.
On his return to Paris, Péru resigned from his posting as judge at the Revolutionary Courts. He withdrew to the south of France with his daughter until his death.
No more was heard of Lord Mortimer. His sudden disappearance was the subject of conversations in the European Courts, but only for a few months.
There's a servant, just my luck!
I'll have to be quick and discreet!
Louis, I've been expecting...
Oh... I see you haven't come alone...
To what do I own the honor, Duchess?
I thought this discussion should concern the whole family...
Surprise, father...
Emily...
Emma...
You brought her back from the Ether.
Well, I am impressed, my children.
It's over, Father...
We can't let you go on like this...
Enough!
Ah!
Louis!
Who on earth do you think you are, for heaven's sake!
Did you think I wouldn't know what you are planning?
You are mere insects, compared to me!
You never had a chance!
Help! My head!
Let's do it!
Now!
Ah! How dare you?
Keep going, it's working!
You creatures are pitiful!
Tell me, Emma...
Are you sure you were right to bring your sister back in that grotesque body?
Don't listen to him, Emma!
Careful, Emma! He's trying to manipulate you!
Please tell me he's lying, right?
You won't try anything against me afterward, right?
Of course not!
How can you doubt me?
She spent her life creating this identity, day after day, playing the main role and now you think she's going to accept becoming your servant?
How can I believe you?
It was always you who chose what we wore! You always chose where we lived!
I was naive to think you would ever let me have a life.
Damn it... Emma is starting to have doubts...
No, Emma!
Look at us! This is exactly what he wants!
Don't let him into your mind!
If we stick together, we can beat him!
We are united, Emma!
Don't listen to him, Emma!
Emily gave you her word that she would leave you the Duchess!
Have faith in her!
Your efforts are futile, Father! I have faith in my sister!
And me, in her!
Perfect! They won't let themselves be taken in...
On the contrary, Emma, it's the chance of her life!
On the contrary, Emma!
Emily will be able to exist by herself!
Once she's changed bodies, you'll finally be able to live your own separate lives!
No more resentment or comparisons ever again!
We will be free at last, Emma!
Perfect!
Divert Mortimer's attention!
Mortimer! Is this how you managed to manipulate your brother?
Now, now, Louis, don't think you can change the topic so easily!
The question remains open.
Emma. After everything Emily has been through, a life lost creating this character, do you really think she's going to just let you take over the main role?
Emily! I promised you we would find you a better body!
I'll do everything in my power to help you...
No, no, stop, Emma! He's trying to manipulate you!
You killed her, and now you think she's just going to, what, leave it at that?
I know... you will never forgive me...
Don't listen to him, Emma, I swear I mean you no harm!
Oh shit! He's succeeding!
Emily, you have always been the dominant one!
And you expect me to believe that you're now going to simply hand over your whole life's work?
You can't fool me, my girl! I can read you like a book!
It's a lie, Emma!
Emma, he's lying!
Don't listen to him! He'd do anything to undermine us!
No, it's true, Louis...
The Emily I knew would never have accepted such humiliation...
Emma, no!
Trust me!
She spent her life creating this identity, day after day, and playing the main role, and you think now she's going to agree to be your servant?
I am sure you have already planned your vengeance...
Damn it, she's yielding!
No, Emma!
Stay calm, I beg you! You're playing right into his hands!
It's not true! Emma is stronger than Emily!
You're wrong, Father!
You don't know your daughters very well! After what Emma has gone through, I can assure you, she's much more resillant than her sister!
Yes... it's true...
She would never have born up to a quarter of what I had to go through...
Wait, so that's what you think of me?...
I... No, Emily, it's... it's not what I...
So this is our ‘partnership'!
I'm but a pale reflection of my sister, is that it?
No! Excuse me, Emily!
That's not what I meant!
Believe me!
Emma, think of the good times!
Emma! Remember!
Remember everything you've shared together!
Remember all the times you counted on each other!
You were united like no one else can be!
Stay concentrated, Emma!
Count on me, sister!
Great! They're supporting each other!
As long as Emma doesn't falter..
They are both equal
Emma, Emily, don't believe a single word of what he's saying.
You both braved hell together! United!
And that's the only way we can get out of here!
Louis is right, Emma!
Yes! You are right, Louis!
We will not be mislead by this kind of manipulation, Father!
Good, we stand firm!
If this continues, Mortimer won't have any hold on us!
Emma, my dear daughter, let me help you!
You have won! Look, you have it all!
You are Duchess Hillsborrow! You are rich! You are young, beautiful, influential!
I'm so proud of you!
You are the one I've been waiting for...
You know what she's like. You know she harbors vengeance in her heart. She will never let you have all this to yourself. Never.
I beseech you, let me help you... let me protect you, darling...
Don't listen to him! He doesn't love you!
Emma! He's a snake!
Don't believe him! He doesn't love us!
Ohoho! Speak for yourself, my son!
Just because you are a great shame to me doesn't mean she is too.
She is my masterpiece!
Emma, no! He's lying...
Shut up!
Why does it bother you so much that he could love me?
Emma, he's only trying to bring us down!
Without you, we're lost!
You're jealous!
Go on then, Louis, prove to me he's lying!
He wants to devour us!
Don't listen to him, Emma!
Ever since the beginning, the only thing he's ever wanted, is to devour us!
Look what he did to his own brother!
I would never lay a finger on her! She is my pride and joy!
You're the one who's trying to manipulate her, Louis!
You're the one who convinced her to stand here in front of me, hoping to kill me!
You are peddling the lie to anyone who will listen that my sole desire is to devour your spirits...
But where on earth did you get that idea?
From what you did to Gregory!
And then there are the paintings!
I... what? What paintings?
Saturn devouring his children!
What? Do you mean to say your entire plan rests on a feeble interpretation of my paintings?
Is this some kind of joke?!
Emma! Emily! Is this the kind of talk he's been using to persuade you to kill me?
It's... yes, he...
He stares a while at my paintings, and the only thing he comes up with is that, obviously, I must be a disgusting child-murderer!
Please! Is that the only possible conclusion?
None of you considered that perhaps, I might be nothing more than a collector enamored with a particular style?
No! Of course not! Let's all just agree I'm a cannibal instead! That makes it so much simpler!
Louis...
He has a point, Louis... You're the one who brought us here.
Why? Tell us why we shouldn't believe him...
Emma! Look at her! Trust your sister!
Emma.
Look at her... Look at Emily...
You know her. She knows you.
But... I...
Go on, look at her.
It is her! She loves you! She's counting on you...
Emma!
Help us!
My sister...
Remember what Holm told us!
Don't believe him, Emma!!
Look at what he did to Gregory! His own brother!
You have no idea who he really was!!
I knew him!! I endured his bullying!!
He was a vicious manipulator!
Look at yourselves!! Why are you here?!
Who persuaded you to kill me! Your very own father!!
Don't you think that since your arrival here, at my home, if I really wanted to kill you, I would have had every opportunity?
Louis...
No! Emma!! Don't believe him!...
But Louis... it's true!
Who persuaded us to attack him?
Who whispered a plan in our ears?
What can you say to dispute that?...
GOOD OUTCOME
Get him!
Ah!
Louis! NOW!
Arm yourself with a nail
Arm yourself with the Lance
Arm yourself with the Lance
No, Don't do it!
It's over. You've lost!
No, Louis! No! Stop!
Ah!
My son...
And to think you did all that for nothing...
What do you mean?
Louis?
Em...
Louis!
Didn't he tell you?
He was poisoned several days ago.
He was condemned.
He sacrificed himself for us...
What a pity he got the wrong lance...
Huh?... What have you done to me...
I hope you aren't in a hurry, my daughter, because you are going to die here. Don't expect any of the family to come to my place, in the Ether, to bring you back, this time...
Thanks a lot, Louis...
Come, Louis. It's over.
Let's leave...
After you...
... you will regret your actions when you see him...
Come, Louis. It's over.
Let's leave...
You go on, I'll meet you on the wharf.
BAD OUTCOME
This is all your fault!!
No, Emma, stay concentrated!!
To hell with your plan!
Emma!...
Louis manipulated us, Emily!!
Open your eyes, for crying out loud!
Stop!
Emma, no! What on earth are you doing?
Let him deal with Father himself!
It is not my problem!
Louis! No!
What on earth are you talking about?!!
I should never have trusted you again!!
We have lost everything because of you!!
Here, my daughter. I'm proud of you.
You know what to do if you want to make sure she never betrays you again...
Louis!
You see! You've lost, Father!
You.. you did it...
You did it!
We did it!
I never really thought we'd manage to pull it off... but we did!
Stop!
As the son of Lord Mortimer, I order...
Louis!
Shame really, you had such promise...
You were supposed to be my next vessel... what a pity that you poisoned yourself.
Right.
Take the Lance from my son and finish him off.
Then do the same with the other one.
And clean the mess up !
Yes, master.
Louis... I was expecting you.
Do you feel better?
Yes, yes, don't worry, I'll be alright.
I wanted to speak with you about what's going to happen next.
Ah, there you are, at last.
Excuse me... I... Sir Gregory's death...
Must have upset your plans... Yes, I should think so, given that you gave him your allegiance.
But I did warn you to choose sides carefully.
But you didn't tell me you were planning to kill him, you snake!
You wished to speak to me?
Yes.
Louis... at last.
You wanted to see me?
Let's get it over with, shall we?
I've grown tired of all this...
But before we begin, I would like you to give me back the Holy Lance, please.
Now that Gregory is gone, you won't be needing it anymore, and I prefer to put it back in its place.
Give it to him
Of course.
Here you are, Father.
Thank you.
Congratulations, by the way.
You managed to find the right one among all the copies. I'm impressed.
You wouldn't have been able to do much with it anyway, given it isn't the right one.
You mean I got the wrong one?
Now don't blame yourself. There was a reason why I put it with all those copies.
If you had been forced to use it, you would never have prevented one of us from changing bodies.
Lie to him, Louis! Keep it!
I no longer have it...
Napoleon has got it
Didn't Monsieur Bonaparte give it back to you?
No...
So, the rascal stole it from you, did he?
It's not something I'm proud to admit, but yes.
He thought I was trying to rob you and that it would compromise the conference...
How typical of him.
I put it back in its place
So at the insistence of Monsieur Bonaparte, I put it back in its place.
Come, Louis... you... you can't do that to me.
Don't be childish, please.
Come on!
Finally, give him...
This conference will have been one of the most eventful I have ever known...
I'll just have to take your word for it.
Before I get to why we're here, you must know that I've been watching you very closely over these past few days.
I was impressed by your intervention to prevent Péru from killing himself!
You remind me of myself when I was starting out!
I won't hide the fact that I was disappointed that you did not succeed in saving Jacques Péru.
You handled that situation very badly...
I won't hide the fact that I was disappointed with you for having taken so many risks with Jacques Péru.
Look where it got you. You could have died.
As for the door of my crypt... No one had ever found out how to open it before you.
As far as the door of my crypt is concerned, it is a pity that you lost your hand while trying to open it...
You succeeded in telling the Hillsborrow twins apart...
Even for me that wasn't an easy thing to do at first!
You committed a serious mistake in proving unable to tell your sisters apart... causing the death of the most promising of the two.
I remain proud of what you achieved for me by falsifying that letter to the pope on behalf of Piaggi, because I know that was not an easy task...
I won't lie to you: I was surprised and above all disappointed when I found out you had tried to discredit me with his Holiness by writing a letter to the Papal States...
Damn it! He found out...
What an unpleasant surprise it was, when I found out that you had tried to warn the Papal States against Gregory and me!
Did you really think you could succeed?
Damn it! He found out about that...
Anyway, now it's time to put an end to things, once and for all, Louis.
The poison that runs through your veins has definitively deprived you of the hopes I had placed in you.. through your own faults.
It can't blow the whole thing.
But...but I've always been loyal to you.
I know you have.
More's the pity...
Not to worry! I'm sure I'll to survive!
Don't you worry about it, Father.
I'm a Daemon! And I'm your son!
I'll make it through!
I don't think so...
It suffices to find the antidote!
There must be an antidote, right?
I'm afraid it's too late...
At least for the continuation of my project.
I'll be honest with you, Louis, though it pains me.
Your body is corrupted. The poison has been spreading inside you for too long.
It has already caused irreparable damage.
You are of no use to me now...
I beg your pardon?
You see, when the time comes for me to changes bodies, I usually pass into the body of one of my children.
The transition is much smoother and allows me to be operational much more quickly.
Seeing the good work you had done since your arrival, I was convinced I had found my next body.
Could only be you!
But then you had to go and ruin everything...
Scumbag!
You dirty bastard!
That's what you had planned for me all along, isn't it?
I was never anything more than the envelope for your next life?
Oh, please, do let us try and retain some dignity, shall we...
Let's not fall prey to being "pathetic".
We're better than that...
You bastard!
He's lying...
But... Father! Why are you telling me this?
Not after all I've done! I...
I beseech you!
Don't make this any harder than it already is, please...
Harder?
Listen, just be grateful that I'm granting you your freedom!
Now, I'll ask you to leave me and be gone within the hour!
Moreover, if I were you, I wouldn't waste a single second in sterile conversation because I'm not so sure that poison will even let you see the French coast again...
But thinking about it... One more thing...
Of course... Anything I can do for you, Father.
Give me Al Azif, if you please...
It won't be of any use to you.
Here you are.
Take your wretched grimoire!
And go choke yourself on it!!
You can go...
Whatever next?
Is that a joke?
Don't try my patience, Louis!
Never!
Or else what? What are you gonna do? Are you gonna kill me?
Big deal... I'd rather die than know it was in your hands!
How typical of you...
I won't let you d...
What on earth are you thinking?
That you'll be able to kill me?
This is ridiculous, Louis...
Come now, be reasonable.
You damned...
I should have never listened to you!!...
Rot in hell!
But the important thing is that you escaped the worst with Wöllner, because he could have killed you when you were in the guise of Piaggi!
Yes, it was a bit touch and go...
Which leads me to a chat about what I envisage for you now...
You are the chosen one, Louis!
The one I've been waiting for all this time!
Thank you, I...
We are going to be able to become one!
Mmmm... I... I don't quite follow you...
Be proud of yourself, son!
For you are the one I have chosen to be my next mortal coil!
I... I but... what about me?
Am I imagining things or did he just tell me to my face that he's going to eat me?
Unfortunately, no, you won't survive the transfer but I want you to know that I only select my bodies from my own children, and that you are the one who has impressed me most!
It's far from being my first time, as you can imagine.
I didn't think it was possible to find a more promising son than dear Augustus! You can be very proud of yourself!
Wait a second, hang on... do you realize what you're saying?
Are you insane?
Aw! Come, come, my son!
Let's not end everything on a bad note, please.
Son of a bitch!
He's not going to get away with this so easily!
You're not gonna get away with this!
That's quite enough! Who do you think you are?!
Be reasonable and let yourself go... it will save you a lot of pointless suffering, believe me.
I must make him get closer to me!
Come now, don't complicate things...
Wait...
I have something else you want...
Well, look at that... You found it...
Decidedly, you are very resourceful, Louis.
You impress me... right up to the very last!
For Al Azif, I am willing to get closer...
Hit the scumbag with the nail!
Wait... no... I...
The blood of an ancient...
Hahaha! I... I was... right...my son...
You really are... the very best...
Hit the scumbag with the lance!
No!
No! Not now...
You... You've... ruined everything...
Like father, like son!
Congratulations, my son! You had a backup plan...
Well I did learn from the best!
What a pity you got the wrong lance...
I... Oh holy shit! No, NO!!
Leave me.
I've done it!
It worked!!
If only you hadn't gotten the wrong lance...
I do wish it didn't have to turn out this way, you know.
If only you hadn't poisoned yourself!
Anyway... Don't blame yourself, you fought like the devil right up to the very end.
You can be proud of yourself!
No... it's not fair...
You can't always win, Louis.
What a waste...
I defeated Lord Mortimer using the Holy Lance
I defeated Lord Mortimer using the nail of the Holy Cross
I was possessed by Lord Mortimer 
I was defeated by Lord Mortimer
I died of poisoning
I defeated Lord Mortimer with my sisters
I refused to let Asahel take possession of my body
I let Asahel take possession of my body in order to confront Lord Mortimer
I convinced Asahel of my innocence
I was condemned to be locked up for eternity by Asahel
I did not take Al Azif back to the continent
I left the island safe and sound
I saw Lord Mortimer being imprisoned for eternity
I failed to kill Lord Mortimer
I failed to prevent Lord Mortimer from taking possession of Lady Hillsborrow
I got help from the Hillsborrow sisters to confront Lord Mortimer
I could have seen Lord Mortimer being locked in eternity
I failed to leave the island safe and sound
I failed to convince Asahel of my innocence
I brought Al Azif back to the continent
You found the lance?
Where should I look?
I don't know where to begin and... and time is running out...
It's hard for me to help... Where did you last see it?
Well, Napoleon took it from me...
That's where I would start!
I think I know where to look
Yes, you're right. He didn't know what it was....
He might still have it...
You had better check. Make haste!
It must be found.
Right, let's see if we can find it.
Leave
I'll be as quick as I can!
You really must lay your hands on it, Louis!
An object that touched the blood of Christ, it's not the kind of thing you come across everyday! Think hard, I have faith in you!
Ah! William!
Calm down, Louis.
How dare you?
Louis?
Your own brother!
I... Father?
Gregory should have never trusted you!
I knew he shouldn't have come here!
No, not now!...
It's pointless trying to run!
Ah! I... where am I?
It's alright, son. Don't panic.
It's over.
I'm back.
Where are the guests?
I invited them to go up to their rooms.
They're resting, don't worry.
Gregory...
You should have chosen your allies better, my son.
You mean you planned to get rid of him since the beginning?
For years, Louis.
Come now, would I really have risked everything at such a one-sided conference without having a trump card up my sleeve?
But... But, what about the conference rules?
To hell with the rules!
From now on, I'm only following my own rules. Things are going to change, you'll see.
However, I expect you to stop your childish games and follow me.
I gave you time to find your feet with Gregory but things are going to get serious now and I expect a little more loyalty from you.
We won, Louis. It's over.
He's dead?
Definitively.
Now the way is clear.
At any rate, rejoice, great things await us.
What did you do to him?
I devoured his soul.
You... But...
I didn't see you use the Holy Lance...
Indeed not, I didn't need to.
Can't you guess how I did it?
The Lance of Longinus is just a vessel, Louis.
It could have been any object that had the blood of Christ on it...
The blood of an ancient, more precisely.
But I didn't need the blood of an ancient...
You see, I have been in dear Lord Mortimer's physical body for longer than my brother has been in Sir Gregory Holm's...
Therefore I am an ancient, Louis.
How did he do it?
Bu...wh.. what happened in the Ether?
I surpassed him.
Find out more
What do you mean you surpassed him?
I made sure he was poisoned by my blood before our little chat.
Remember the cup of tea, in the dining room?
I wagered that Gregory simply wouldn't be able to let it get cold...
Old habits do die hard.
You put your blood in your tea?
And he put the hangman's rope round his own neck, ironic, isn't it?
Unable to extract himself from his physical body, it didn't take much time for me to absorb him...
I see
But why kill Holm?
He was your brother!
Why did you kill him? He never meant you any harm.
Louis, I am exhausted.
Let's talk about this later.
I want to know!
No! Tell me why now! I want to understand!
Uh...Stubborn as a mule...
After centuries of trying to convince him, I assure you I had no other option than to do away with him.
He would never have allowed me to depose our father.
In the past, he had already opposed me, and sometimes very violently.
He seemed to you like a man of peace because you did not represent any danger to him.
But I can assure you he was not...
With anything to do with our father, he would be merciless.
I see
In any case, what's done is done.
I am going to rest in the dining-room.
Join me there when you are ready.
The time has come to end this little anti-social gathering.
I did well not to follow Holm, didn't I.
Come on, let's get it over with, and join Mortimer in the dining-room.
The bastard. He planned to kill his own brother all along.
I absolutely must stop him!
Holm told me to go to Elizabeth's room! That I'd find an ally there!
I'd better go there straight away!
No doubt about it, this family is rotten to the marrow...
I did right not to trust them!
Holm told me that my last resort was to find my sister.
I hope Emily is in her room.
I hope Emma will be able to help me.
Right... all I have to do now is confront Mortimer.
Given what just happened to Gregory, I'd better get armed before I go and see my dear father.
The blood of an older Daemon... that's not something you can find just anywhere.
Napoleon took the Holy Lance from me, may as well start there, otherwise I'll have to find something else...
Monsieur Bonaparte is not available, I must ask you to please...
What's the matter with him?
What's wrong with him?
Er... He is feeling faint... He will make a swift recovery with some calm and rest, sir.
But he's my friend!
Look, as well as being a fellow countryman, Napoleon is above all a dear friend!
I... Of course, sir... I... I... I was not awa...
I think it's perfectly natural for me to be worried and for you to let me go to him!
Yes, sir... I... I was not aware, sir. Er... I shall let you be with him a few moments, in that case, sir.
Thank you, my good man.
I'd like to examine him.
That is precisely why I'm here! I believe I know what he's suffering from.
I need to examine him but it... but it won't take long.
Sir, I... Yes, of course. I shall let sir have a few moments with him in that case.
You're most kind.
Napoleon is attempting to betray Lord Mortimer
I shan't beat around the bush, my good fellow!
I have every reason to believe that Monsieur Bonaparte has betrayed your master's trust!
But I still need to find the proof by inspecting his personal effects...
So I'd be much obliged if you would stand out of my way!
I say, sir, that is a grave accusation! My master knows and appreciates Monsieur Bonaparte...
Lord Mortimer, at least “he” trusts me
Right, listen, my good fellow, Lord Mortimer trusts me so I suggest you do likewise and not antagonize him, that's my advice!
Forgive me, sir, but my master asked us to be on guard with regard to Sir Gregory's allies. I do apologize, sir.
Lord Mortimer, at least “he” trusts me
You're questionning Lord Mortimer's faith in me if I understand rightly?
Well, I'm sure he'll be delighted to find that out...
But... I... It is true that sir has recently helped my master a good deal and...
Come, sir, as you obey Lord Mortimer...
Even though it has not always been so...
You have seen something....
What's the matter? You seem to be a bit troubled all of a sudden...
Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary?
I... Yes, indeed, sir... I remember being surprised by... an object.
I found something in Napoleon's effects... a lance head.
Just what I thought! Well done, my friend, your master will be proud of you!
I shall tell him that you... Have you a name?
Well, it's just that...
A number? Maybe a letter?
...
No matter... He will be proud! Anyway... I must lay my hands on that lance and give it back to Lord Mortimer.
Keep an eye on him while I search and don't hesitate to knock him out should he wake up!
Very well, sir.
Leave
Be... damned...
I'd better get ready before I go...
Right... Now's the time to join Mortimer.
I won't be able to go back after...
COME IN
Here we go...
DO NOT ENTER
Louis, there you are!
Look, she's better.
Perfect.
Good... Are you ready, Louis?
Can we go?
READY
Yes. Let's get it over with!
JUST A BIT LONGER
No, not yet.
Be quick, we are waiting for you here.
What are you doing?
Oh, Monsieur Wöllner asked me to prepare his belongings in anticipation of his imminent departure, sir.
His departure? So quickly?
Oh yes, he seemed to be in rather a hurry.
Ah, very well. Would you know where I might bump into him one last time?
Ah, if sir would like to say goodbye, sir will find him in his room.
Thank you.
Johann.
Louis... I haven't the time.
What are you doing?
I'm getting out of here, what do you think!
And going as far away as possible!
Sir Gregory is dead, and in case you haven't grasped it yet, I am no longer safe here...
If you value your life, you had better do the same!
Hey, wait a second, w...
No! No, I haven't time!
Good luck in the future!
