Translate
Take
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
Put it back
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Examine
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
Translate
Translate
Translate
Take
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
Put it back
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Examine
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
Translate
Translate
Well, from what Livingston told me, Godoy should be somewhere around here.
So the boat is waiting for them and I had better find him quickly.
Every minute counts. I shouldn't dilly dally if I am to speak to him before he leaves.
Aeneas Bearing Anchises.
The son carrying his father on his back to save him.
How can one resist?
Themis.
Well well, typically Justice is blindfolded and the scales are balanced. Surprising!
A little pick-me-up. Always useful!
The Nightmare.
A woman haunted by her nightmares.
An inspiring painting for a bedroom.
Decidedly, Mortimer has a very unique way of putting his guests at ease.
Cain slaying Abel.
Humanity's first official murder for reasons of jealousy.
Adam and Eve Mourning the Death of Abel.
Pride is truly the worst of sins.
Very very cheerful. I wonder if all the guests were treated to the same decorations in their rooms.
They look like coca leaves.
Apparently Mortimer would like us to respect etiquette.
A fragment of Amber. I'll take it.
Enter.
I can hear noise. Godoy must be inside.
Not a sound. I don't think anybody's there.
If Godoy really isn't there, I'm gonna lose precious time.
Enter.
Letters between Godoy and Maria Luisa of Parma, Queen consort of Spain.
There would seem to be a sustained exchange of letters between these two.
Well, it's a pity that  foreign languages are not my forte.
Now this is something I did not expect! So Manuel Godoy, Prime Minister of Spain, is the lover of the Spanish Queen!
If the King found out, Godoy would be a dead man!
Apparently, the relationship has gone on for several years.
If these letters were to be disclosed, the scandal would weaken the whole Spanish monarchy.
The King's descendants could be excluded because of illegitimacy and the Queen could be repudiated.
Mr. Godoy, you are too fond of playing with fire. It will be your undoing.
Plainly, this has been going on for almost six years.
And during these six years the Queen has provided the King with two plump infants.
I wonder who these children most resemble? Godoy or good old King Charles IV?
Mr. Godoy, I wager that if the King learned of your relationship with HIS queen, it would cost you dearly.
You really shouldn't leave such documents lying around.
This can always prove useful.
Who is there?
Louis Mauras, Madame.
What do you want, Mr. Mauras?
I'm looking for Duke Manuel; I must speak with him urgently.
A moment!
Enter.
No noise. Godoy must not be there otherwise I'd surely hear them fighting.
Am I sure that I want to go in. If Godoy isn't there, I'll lose precious time.
If you are looking for him, he is not here.
What happened here, madame?
That does not concern you, sir.
Madame, if you felt that it did not concern me, you would not have opened the door to me.
What manners! I thought you more courteous, sir.
You think, perhaps, that he is hiding under my petticoat! And I who believed that you had some regard for my person!
Leave immediately or I shall call for help!
I offer my apologies, madame.
How foolish! I cannot go anywhere without searching through everything. That will teach me!
My guilty pleasure.
You can take them, they are his.
Oh, excuse me. I did not wish to be impolite.
In that case it would have better to touch nothing, but take them all; I do not want them.
I can't resist chocolate.
You are looking for him?
Madame, was it he who struck you this way?
Ignore this Mr. Mauras; I have no choice. My life is thus.
You are senior lady-in-waiting to the queen of Spain
Allow me to presume that you would only have to speak to the queen for her to intervene and that you would be rid of him.
If only!
And who do you think authorised Duke Manuel to use me as he wants?
I can't imagine that the king is aware of this.
No, he knows nothing.
Because if he were to learn it, it would also mean that he discovers that it is his dear wife who requires me to satisfy Duke Manuel when she is not there to do it herself.
You mean that the queen knows about Godoy and you?? But... 
It is not that she knows it. It is she who arranged it!
When the Queen is not with him, she chooses the one that will replace her.
Duke Manuel and her have been lovers for years.
I would have imagined that no one knew.
I thought that Duke Manuel would do everything to keep his deviant behaviour secret.
An open secret.
There you have it, Mr. Mauras!
You know everything.
If I can do anything for you, please, don't hesitate to ask.
What could you do Mr. Mauras?
He could meet with an unfortunate accident.
Do you realise what you just said? You are talking about assassinating the head of the Spanish government.
You're overstepping the mark!
Anyone can have an accident!
Have you even the slightest idea of the consequences?
This man will never listen to reason, and you know it very well.
Sir, I did not hear you. You have said nothing to me.
However,... 
...  if by misfortune, something were to happen to Duke Manuel before his departure, be sure that you will always be a friendly welcome for you in Spain.
Trust me. I shall find a way.
No Mr. Mauras, there is nothing to be done.
Forget what we just spoke about; I should not have opened up to you in such a manner.
I feel better now; thank you for everything, but please go.
I have the means to make him pay; you need no longer worry about him.
If you are thinking about revealing what I just told you, do not bother!
I shall deny everything. You have no idea who you are attacking.
I told you, you need worry no more.
I have other means of action. Consider your problem solved.
You're right. I really do not see what I could do.
With his political status, he could easily rid himself of you and point the finger at me.
Be strong, madame, it will not last.
I thank you for your discretion.
With what you have told me, I have more than I require to eliminate Duke Manuel from the court of Spain.
And you will do nothing! I told you nothing; I shall deny everything!
You haven't the slightest idea of the repercussions that this would have on the Spanish court!
Not counting the risks I shall take when I return.
Forget everything, Mr. Mauras.
Promise me not to say a thing.
You can count on my discretion.
Thank you, I know that you are man of his word.
Do not make me promise that, madame. He must pay for what he has done!
I beg you to do nothing. If you speak, you will bring ruin upon me as well as the court of Spain. I could not bear that.
Now leave me.
I absolutely must speak with him before he leaves.
I was also thinking…
I thought for a moment that you were interested in my fate.
You are mistaken; I was not trying to be disrespectful.
No, of course.
But the first thing that comes into your mind when you see me thus, in a room that is turned upside down, is where to find him in order to clear up your affairs together.
Nothing of the sort. I am looking for him on order to …
Kill him
Destroy his career
Tarnish his reputation
Madame, I'm deeply moved by your fate.
But I am in no position to do anything.
Please excuse me. I must leave now.
He is in Wöllner's room.
Goodbye, Mr. Mauras.
A moment!
Enter.
The Old Testament, the Book of Psalms, Psalm seven: the Shiggaion of David.
My word, Piaggi is in full demon hunting mode.
I don't know what he's afraid of, but he must be very frightened to recite this sort of prayer.
He probably wouldn't recite psalms like these in the presence of Godoy; I better look elsewhere if I want to lay hands on him quickly.
Latin. Father Piaggi seems to be engrossed in prayer.
It's about...  protection...  against enemies.
I don't know what Piaggi is up to but, one thing is for sure, Godoy cannot be there.
Am I sure that I want to go in. If Godoy is not there, I could lose precious time.
Excuse me, am I disturbing you, Monsignore?
Et incidit in foveam quam fecit.
Not in the least, my son.
A moment, I am almost done.
[to himself] Unless Godoy is hidden between his legs, he's not here.
[to himself] I'd better not stay here if I wanna see him before he leaves.
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
And so, my son, what can I do for you?
Excuse me; I didn't want to disturb you. I'm looking for Duke Manuel. Have you seen him?
And why would you come to see me?
You thought to find him here?
Very good question!
You're my last hope; I've already been to the other rooms.
My son, you seem to doubt that El Duce Manuel would even consider coming to his confession. That is sad.
[to himself] But what am I doing here?
[to himself] When I'm told that Godoy might be in delightful company, I go to look in the room of a priest.
[to himself] Sometimes, I really don't think straight.
And so?... 
I have trouble understanding.
I understood that he and you got along well together.
I thought, perhaps, that you were together.
And you were wrong, my son.
I thought that you and Duke Manuel were close.
Of course, I am close to my whole flock, my son.
Very close, Monsignore?
What!?
What are you insinuating, my son?
Nothing, Monsignore, I'm clearly mistaken.
No, El Duce Manuel is not here.
On the other hand, Mr. Mauras, you worry me.
Something has changed in you. I cannot say what it is exactly, but you seem "darker" than before.
How are you feeling?
Please excuse me; I have no wish to try your patience.
I shall leave you.
What do you mean by that, Monsignor?
I cannot say for sure Mr. Mauras, but I must ask you to leave.
You worry me.
You're keeping something from me.
Returning here, I saw El Duce Manuel going towards Von Wöllner's room, if that can help you.
Now leave!
What's gotten into him?
Is it possible that this priest truly sensed a change in me since Mortimer told me of my true nature?
No, that's impossible.
The door is locked.
I shall be with you in a moment.
What is it? Who is there?
It is Louis Mauras, Dr. Von Wöllner. I am looking for Duke Manuel.
Mauras! Are you looking for me?
Take your time to get dressed, my friend. We must not shock our guest.
Enough, sir! This is not a game!
Now, now, calm down! I am sure that Mr. Mauras won't be shocked by our adult games.
Oh...  I apologize if I've come at a wrong moment.
Not at all, even the best of friends must sometimes part.
Unless you wanted to join us?
Be quiet, maldita sea!
Follow me Mauras; let us talk in my room.
In your room!? But you must have them all!
Louis, you are too late, my friend.
Too late for what?
Duke Manuel and I were in deep discussion and we would have gladly brought you in.
Please excuse me, but I'm not sure that I understand.
The situation seems to amuse you, but I can't tell if it's me or the circumstances.
No offence; please forgive me. For a moment I was thinking if you had arrived a few minutes earlier.
You said that you were looking for Duke Manuel, is that not so?
This is correct. I wish to talk with him as soon as possible. Would you know where he is, please?
[to himself] Take me for a fool!
[to himself] Godoy is indeed no longer here, but I frankly doubt that you gentlemen,  were discussing the political situation of Prussia in Europe, especially naked in bed.
Please excuse me if I interrupted your...  "deliberations".
I certainly had no desire to spoil the moment.
No airs and graces between us, Mr. Mauras. You would have spoiled nothing; I can assure you.
We would have been happy to invite you to join us.
You are still looking for Duke Manuel?
More than ever.
[to himself] He seems to be enjoying this. What went on in that room?
[to himself] Knowing the man, I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't put Godoy in an awkward situation.
[to himself] At the same time, two men half-naked in a disordered room, I wouldn't be far off the mark in assuming that their discussion was...  intimate.
You were looking for Duke Manuel, were you not?
Indeed.
Well, Duke Manuel wanted to return to his room to clean up before his departure. I wager that you will find him there.
With a little luck, you might even have passed each other in the corridor.
Then again, he left without his second boot so I imagine that he took great care not to meet anyone.
Incidentally, if you could bring it to him, I can see it behind the chair, there.
[to himself] This is all I need... ; now I deliver shoes.
[to himself] However, I can't wait to see Godoy's face when I hand him his shoe.
Do you want me to fold his pants as well?!
You missed him.
Duke Manuel must be back in his room by now. He wanted to rest before leaving.
You should have no trouble finding him there.
Please close the door as you leave.
Sit down Mr. Mauras. Please be brief and to the point; a boat is waiting for me.
Herr Wöllner asked me to return this to you. But I'd suggest we don't really need to discuss this matter any further.
We have more urgent business to talk about.
I was lucky to find Herr Wöllner..
I would be grateful if we didn't talk about that anymore.
Don't worry. I do not take interest in private matters that don't concern me.
[to himself]...  unless you happen to go against me.
One last thing...  while I was looking for you, I went by way of Madame De Avilla's room.
I thought I'd find you there.
Hurry up, I am in a rush.
I'm astounded at your arrogance.
You beat a woman and you express no remorse.
For whom do you take me, Mauras?!
You seem to forget to whom you are speaking!
I am Manuel Godoy y Alvarez de Faria! Duc d'Alcudia y de Sueca! Secretary of State of... 
And you...  have no idea who I am.
If you believe in the Devil, I'm his son!
If you ever touch her again, I'll emasculate you. Is that clear?
And what would people say if they learnt that you beat Madame de Avilla?
You have just made yourself a considerable enemy.
I fully assume my relationship with Madame DE AVILLA and you will never blackmail me with that!
Now get out of my room, straightaway!
And what would your king say if he learned, by chance, that you've been his dear wife's lover for many years?
Sabandija! He would never believe you.
It is your word against mine!
Really?
Even when I have your letters?
I probably shouldn't have been, but earlier on I was in your room.
I was looking for you and I accidentally stumbled upon compromising letters that the Queen and you have been writing to each other for nearly six years.
It makes you wonder who the true father of the queen's two youngest children might be, doesn't it?
I shall destroy you!
You'll do nothing of the sort.
In addition, as of today, Madame De Avilla is no longer of any concern to you. You won't see her again, nor even glance in her direction.
Consider the matter settled.
But be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy, Louis Mauras.
And what would people think if they learned that you like having a good time with men? What would your pious and catholic king say?
Infiel! I forbid you to talk to anyone about this!
That is not my goal, if you agree to never raise a hand against her again.
No retaliation will be taken against her.
You will disappear from her life.
Consider the matter settled.
But be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy, Louis Mauras.
I wanted to make sure that you would defend the proposed sale of Louisiana.
[to himself] Let us engage in this minor verbal joust, but play it with finesse because with what I know about you, I have you!
And in what way does this concern you, Mauras?
Tell me something of why I should agree to your request?
If Spain were to sell Louisiana to France, Sir, Spain would be in possession of a significant sum of money. And you would be the man who brought a small fortune into the coffers of your King.
That is not untrue.
I didn't know that you could speak with such eloquence.
Sir, your wealth comes mainly from your South American territories. Which are rich in precious stones and gold.
You would have everything to gain by ridding yourselves of this barren patch in order to focus on your trading posts further to the south.
Listen to me, Mauras. I have no time to waste on your ludicrous schemes. To consider Louisiana as a mere barren patch of land only shows your ignorance of the subject.
Louisiana is bordered by the Mississippi River which serves as a trade channel for the whole region. A massive economy is emerging in the area.
Given the inadequacy of your arguments, I cannot believe that Lord Mortimer charged you to speak with me. You serve your master badly, young man.
Duke Manuel, I shall be frank with you.
What would you give to be the hero of your nation?
Imagine being the Man of Providence who managed to fool the British at their own game.
Because, yes sir, King George also has designs on these lands. But also, and especially, on your South American dominions.
But I am sure that you already know this and that I am teaching you nothing.
Of course.
Of course.
But by selling to France in the not too distant future, you will ensure that the treacherous British will have no port on the confines of your viceroyalties in the New World.
And thus, you would be the man who managed to prevent the British from taking the Americas.
I must admit, my dear friend, that your arguments certainly do hit the nail on the head. You surprise me.
Cursed British! With their damn fleet, they have their gaze fixed on our southern territories. There are non-stop confrontations in the Caribbean Sea.
Sir, France and the United States of America are allies.
If you wish to preserve your stability in the north in order to ensure your possessions to the south, you would be well advised to sell to the French.
Look.
If France were to establish herself there, having no territories in the region, it would not threaten your hegemony in the Americas.
Moreover, Spain needs money; you know it very well. And the only states who can provide that money swiftly are France and Britain.
And it seems preferable to me that you don't offer a vast tract of land, on a silver platter, to your sworn enemies who are already plotting towards a single goal:
stealing your possessions in the New World.
It is your decision, but France seems like the best option.
You are very persuasive.
Mauras, France is the enemy of all European countries! How do you wish me to engage in the sale of a territory to you at the same time that Spain is part of a coalition against you?
Ten states have joined forces against you, and you, you just ask me to make a deal on the sale of Louisiana.
Do you not think that you are, somewhat, overstepping the mark?
And if that was not enough, you just cut the damned head off your king! Understand what this means. You will not find a monarchy that will ally itself with you. You are finished!
I understand.
Nevertheless, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that France still exists and is holding her own. She is preparing her renewal, whether you like it or not.
Yes, ten states have joined forces to rape her. And yet, she is still standing as far as I can see.
Valiant!
Powerful!
Proud!
History's been made, Duke Manuel. I can assure you that within a few years, the influence of France will radiate across the world.
So, let us ensure the future of our two nations! Let us burn bright together!
And you think to reassure me with this argument?
What will France, so strong and so powerful, do when she is at the zenith?
Do you sincerely believe that she will accept a country as powerful as her at her side?
The alliances of yesterday rarely last into the morrow. Don't be naive.
If France were to recover to become the powerful nation that you describe with such passion, she would pounce on Spain in order to enslave her.
But if you push your thinking a bit further. Imagine for one second that France does collapse.
Who do you think would benefit? Who is your real adversary?
Before you rejoice at the state of France, you should be wary of Britain.
What would you gain from the downfall of France?
A region that you could annex? But that would not change the face of Spain as compared to the loss of the Americas, which would be disastrous for you.
On the other hand, having an ally such as France on the front-line against Britain is highly advantageous.
Our current squabbles will not last, Duke Manuel. Think of tomorrow.
Mr Mauras, I do not hold you in high esteem, but you do know how to convince. Your arguments are highly pertinent.
Nevertheless, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that France is preparing her renewal.
Do not bother with the details of history, write it!
France and Spain at the centre of the world.
The project is uncertain, but interesting.
But if you don't choose France as your future ally, it could also cost you dearly.
Reassure me; you would not be trying to threaten me, young man?
Nothing could be further from my mind, Duke Manuel.
I just want to warn you against making decisions, with far-reaching consequences, that could turn against you.
I have trouble believing that King Charles would endorse this sale.
Spain is a catholic country. This new continent is teeming with souls to be won for Christianity.
How do you think that the Holy See would take to a Catholic country selling off part of its possessions in the Americas to a country that has just beheaded its king?
Your American friends are protestants and you are atheists!
That is correct.
I understand your fears.
However, Pope Pius is a wise and measured man, who will endorse this project.
Count Braschi was supported by France in his appointment as Pope.
Look at the position taken by the papacy regarding the nationalisation of Church property and, especially, the Civil Constitution of the Clergy.
It took six months to react.
Exactly! And yet she was stripped bare.
It even caused a schism in the Church itself.
But no, she did not react immediately, which allowed for all the necessary changes to be quickly put in place.
What do you mean by that, Mauras?
Just that you should not concern yourself with the Pope, Duke Manuel.
Don't worry about the Holy See.
It is headed by a Pope who is very amenable. If it is the reaction of the Vatican that is preventing the sale of Louisiana, France can find the necessary funds to negotiate with Pope Pius.
You are talking of bribing a Pope?
Is that it? Have I understood correctly?!
But you are evil incarnate, Mauras!! How dare you utter such claims with respect to the Holy Father!!
The primary aim of Lord Mortimer is to restore France to what she was, sir.
What has happened is an unacceptable abomination. And I can assure you that, very soon, a new order will reign in France.
And it will put the church where it belongs, in France as well as in its colonies.
France is not atheist, Duke Manuel.
Your words reassure me.
How could you have beheaded your own king?!
Do not delay in restoring order to France.
We are working to that end, sir, we are working with great vigour.
But have no concern for the Holy See.
Pius VI is not getting any younger and he will soon have accomplished his labours on this earth. A new pope will soon take his place.
What!?
You are talking of eliminating a pope to replace him with a more "compliant" one?
Do I read correctly between the lines?
Sir, do not doubt the influence of Lord Mortimer.
There is not a country, not a monarchy, not a government in power that can prevent Mortimer from placing whoever he wants, wherever he wants.
Your faith in our host is impressive.
But it is true that the reputation of Lord Mortimer is well established.
What you say is no doubt true, but I can see a major stumbling block in your plan.
Of course, your friend Mortimer does impress me by the influence he exercises on the general scheme of things.
But there is one component he does not control.
Sir Gregory Holm.
Don't underestimate Sir Gregory, who hitherto has always allowed Spain to prevail.
Why should I now change benefactor to jump from Holm to Mortimer?
Holm has always served us.
Served? You mean enslaved.
Sir Gregory is constantly manipulating you in order to serve his own purposes.
He pretends to support you with his right hand while, with his left, he offers the moon to Britain, your sworn enemy.
And from what I can see, his effective support is not in your favour.
I admit that his friendship with the British crown doesn't please me.
But now his circle of influence is melting away.
What has he done for you lately?
Did he help you in the conflict with France? Has he helped you in your struggles against Britain in the Americas?
I do not have to answer to you, sir.
Even if you do raise real uncertainties within me.
But you still do not appreciate the power of Lord Mortimer.
You only swear by Holm because you've known only him until now.
From now on, you no longer have need of Holm.
Who do you think managed this tour de force, of gathering together on an island lost off the English coastline, those persons capable of changing the face of the world?
Sir, your words are quite convincing, I must admit.
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
But I must grant you a certain talent when it comes to getting your ideas across. You should go into politics.
I do not know where you obtained this information, but it is impressive.
[to himself] If you only knew!
The sale of Lousiana seems to be an interesting option for Spain after all.
I shall present it to the King in person. You can count on me.
[to himself] Not so fast, my friend. I know a lot about you.
Good Sir, you're nothing but dung.
Not only have I easily convinced you, but with what I know about you, you'll eat out of my hand.
[to himself] No, I will not stoop to that.
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
Your arguments are not all meaningless, but you have not managed to convince me.
I don't know if one day you will seek to enter politics, but you still have work to do in order to make yourself heard.
I would have thought you were more inclined to see things my way, given what I know about you.
[to himself] Bravo Louis! All that for nothing.
Now leave me I pray; I still have things to pack before I leave.
I wanted to make sure that you will not pursue the Louisiana sale project, proposed by Lord Mortimer.
And in what way does this concern you, Mauras?
Tell me something of why I should agree to your request?
I learned the amount that the French were offering for Louisiana.
I regret to say that they're trying to dupe you, my friend.
This sum is a trifle compared with the true value of the territory.
Mr. Mauras, I expected that I would waste my time by listening to you.
If you are aware of the current state of Spanish finances, you would know that such a sum would allow us to greatly alleviate our financial worries.
Are we done?
Sir, the Mississippi River runs from the north to the south along the border of the Louisiana territory. River trade is booming. Many towns, such as Nouvelle Orleans, are thriving. The river is the main route for trade from Wisconsin all the way to West Florida.
You impress me. I do not know how you know all this without having been there, but your analysis is very pertinent.
Sir, I am convinced that the region will see an economic explosion in the coming years.
If you sell these lands, you will be the one who signed away a vast and promising territory at the stroke of a pen.
Moreover, this act will be taken as an admission of weakness by Spain. And I do not think that the Spanish crown has need of such an indicator.
This could even lead to an attack by your enemies, if they sense that you're weak.
You would incite the British to quickly mount an attack in the Caribbean Sea. Because it would not take too long for them to suppose that if you are selling such a large territory, it is because you have need of financies. Thereby admitting that you could no longer withstand their fleet.
Enough, sir!
I am very well aware of all that; I am not mad to the point of displaying an act of weakness to anyone.
Sir, the Americans are hungry for land. They are gradually settling the territory.
Do you sincerely believe that they'll stop?
I do not believe for a second that the French have any interest in establishing themselves in the Americas.
I am willing to stake my life on them not keeping the territory.
And I would lean towards the United States, which is clearly, waiting for just that.
Why the United States?
Who is able to purchase these lands? And who would see any interest?
Britain? Certainly not: France would never sell to the British.
On the other hand, the United States, their long-time ally, would gain significantly by extending their territory much further to the west.
And what would stop them from taking your possessions all the way to the Pacific Ocean? Your territory of New Spain would allow them to extend their control from eastern to western shores.
Can you imagine it?
Mauras, France is the enemy of all European countries!
When just one war is costly you have ten states that have joined forces against you. That entails far greater expense.
By confirming this sale, I will ensure that France has even less money with which to resist inside her own borders.
That is true.
However, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that if you do confirm this sale, France has more than sufficient means to promote her own recovery.
And you honestly believe, knowing the French, that this will protect you from their wrath.
But what are you talking about, Mauras?
We are speaking of a country embroiled in a civil war, which would pay a fortune to return it to us. After that, how do you expect people to fear France?
You are raving, young man. Have you finished?
But if you push your thinking further.
You will force France to defend herself on her own soil.
Very good.
Against who? Who will step onto French soil to serve themselves?
Spain, of course! Otherwise what's the point?
It is therefore you who will lead the war against France.
And we shall win!
Of course! On the other hand, you'll let Britain steal your South American possessions while you are mired down in a long drawn out war, without money, against your neighbour.
And if you fail, the British will only have to bend down to pick up the crumbs.
Your maturity surprises me, given your young age.
However, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that there will be no quick recovery in France. Violence is everywhere.
If you want to kill a snake, cut off its head.
And France didn't need any help cutting off its own head.
The monarchy has been decapitated; the nobles decapitated; the clergy decapitated.
Even their king!! Can you imagine?
I'm astonished at your position in relation to your own people, but I drink your words.
If you knew the shame I feel at being French. I disgust myself.
Again, I can but concur. You disgust me also.
But if you choose to favour the interests of France, how do you think the other members of the coalition will react?
You are ten of you united against her.
And on YOUR advice, Spain will break the coalition?
Who do you take me for?! I'm no traitor. I would never harm the interests of my country.
Of that I am convinced.
Do not exaggerate things!
These lands represent little except desert and some swamps. Compared to what we would do with the money from the sale, it's not an issue.
And what would the Holy Catholic Church think of it?
It will understand.
Really?
Personally, above all else, I see these lands as a new territory to be evangelized by the Catholic Church.
What would the Pope say if you were to abandon these thousands of indigenous souls rather than save them from damnation?
Spain must bring the good word to them.
From that view point, I cannot imagine that the Pope would appreciate the sale.
Save them and you will save yourselves.
For my part, I wager that the Pope would admonish you for that.
Then we shall find another!
Excuse me! You exceed limits, sir.
You talk of ousting the Holy Father!
And in your opinion, why is Monsignor Piaggi here, if it is not to prepare the election of the next pope with Holm and Mortimer?
Those two are demons who play with us as they would with puppets!
Demons... ?
It is an image, for goodness' sake! Do not take everything at face value.
If you sell this to the French, you'll hand this territory to a people which have beheaded their king.
Look at what is happening right now in Paris: heads are falling. Including those of priests.
Imagine for one second what the Holy See will think if you let these atheists and heretics occupy vast tracts of North America.
I do not want to be responsible for that!
I understand you; I too would not like to be responsible.
The Church will be displeased with you for this. It has too much to lose.
You would abandon thousands of future believers and let them become atheists and heretics.
Do you believe that the Pope wants to see the wind of a rebellion spread from France?
The Church is not afraid to speak out when it suits it!
Just look at your dear France! The clergy are slaughtered without any official reprimand from Rome!
What you are saying is very serious, sir.
How can you reproach our mother Church for that when, in reality, she is merely taking the time to study the question?
Do not expect the Holy See to shout out like a town crier in order to vent its spleen.
But Christians are dying every day.
Yes, in France as elsewhere, Christians die every day and return to our Lord. Praise be to God.
I hear your words, but I am beside myself with anger.
I have listened to you Mr. Mauras. However, you seem to forget a major factor in all of this.
Lord Mortimer.
He wants France to recover Louisiana. I don't know why, but I am not sure that I want to.
And one doesn't say "NO" to Lord Mortimer. He welcomed us cordially, but I know very well what he is capable of. Ask Adams, or Peru.
But what are you talking about?
I shall not discount him at all. On the other hand, you do seem to minimize the influence of Sir Gregory.
That he does not look very kindly upon this sale and will do everything in his power to abort it.
His power? What power?
Blessed are the ignorant.
Persuading you to come here, for example. You, the Prime Minister of Spain, head of the government; he invited you and you came running.
While I imagine you have a very busy schedule, you find time to come here, in great secrecy, in order to discuss politics between gentlemen.
I came at the request of Lord Mortimer!
Not in the least.
It is rather that Mortimer asked Madame de Avilla to come. He prefers to have the ear of the queen rather than yours.
On the other hand, as for the presence of Piaggi, Von Wöllner, me personally, or indeed yourself, you owe it all to Sir Gregory.
Lord Mortimer is one side of a coin, Sir Gregory the other.
You bestow powers on this man that he does not possess. And if he once knew how to intimidate you, I wager that, very soon, he will no longer have the means.
Mortimer is on the downward slope. He is a counterfeiter, a fine speaker, that's all. He knows how to manipulate people; that is true. But his career is over.
If I were you, I would listen to Sir Gregory.
What!? You think so?
Certainly!
And he will be a major ally in the years ahead.
Maybe you are right.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well, as I do, that Miss Adams was murdered by Mr. Peru.
Why on earth would Lord Mortimer plot the death of this poor lady?
You are very gullible, Mr. Mauras.
Elizabeth Adams was none other than the daughter of John Adams, Vice President of the United States of America!
She was declared stillborn by her father and kept from public view because of black magic. And despite years of treatment, her father preferred to sacrifice her by sending her to Mortimer.
Mortimer knew Adams. They worked together. But, one day, Adams decided to do without his services.
And "what a surprise" no sooner was his first child born, a girl, than she was possessed by the Devil.
Oh come now, what are you talking about?
Nothing! Forget the whole story, Mr. Mauras! But you must realise that one doesn't say "No" to Lord Mortimer!
I see that you are well informed, Duke Manuel.
Evidently, you as well.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well as I do, that I am unfortunately responsible for the death of Mr. Peru, when he attacked Mr. Bonaparte.
Come now; you know very well as I do, that it was M. Bonaparte that had to shoot Mr. Peru when Peru attacked him.
Of course.
And what were you doing together, Mortimer, Bonaparte and yourself?
You dare tell me that Mortimer never asked to speak to you? He had nothing to offer you? No advice for you?
Sir, you worry me. You seem to imagine a conspiracy between Mortimer, Bonaparte and myself that exceeds the bounds of imagination.
But of course. I must be tired; that's all.
Are we done?
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
But I must grant you a certain talent when it comes to getting your ideas across. You should go into politics.
I do not know where you obtained this information, but it is impressive.
If only you knew!
Louisiana is spanish and will remain so.
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
Your arguments are not all meaningless, but you have not managed to convince me.
[to himself] Bravo Louis! All that for nothing.
Now leave me I pray; I still have things to pack before I leave. Louisiana is a weight Spain must get rid of.
So here we are!
You finally show your true face!
I suspected that under your gentlemanly airs, you were worth no more than Peru!
You know, I would have preferred not to have it come to this.
I will crush you, Mauras!
You don't scare me!
And what would people say if they learnt that you beat Madame de Avilla?
You have just made yourself a considerable enemy.
I fully assume my relationship with Madame DE AVILLA and you will never blackmail me on that count!
Now get out of my room, straightaway!
And what would people think if they learned that you like having a good time with men? What would your pious and catholic king say?
Infiel! I forbid you to talk to anyone about this!
That is not my goal.
If only you were to reconsider my request concerning Louisiana.
I will support you in this project, but be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy.
And what would your king say if he learned, by chance, that you've been the lover of his dear and tender wife for so many years?
Sabandija! He would never believe you.
It is your word against mine!
Really?
Even if I have written correspondence, from both of you?
I probably should not have done so, but earlier I was in your room.
I was looking for you and I accidentally stumbled upon compromising letters that the Queen and you have been writing to each other for nearly six years.
It makes you wonder who the true father of the queen's two youngest children might be, doesn't it?
I shall destroy you!
I shall do what you ask of me concerning your damned Louisiana, but be sure that I shall take my revenge!
Good; that's understood!
I wanted to see you before your departure in order to warn you.
Excuse me!
Not about me, sir.
But about macabre games that are being played here, that are beyond our comprehension.
Miss Adams and Mr. Peru did not die in the manner claimed by Lord Mortimer.
We're all in danger and I came to tell you not to follow Lord Mortimer's plans, no more than those of Sir Gregory.
Otherwise, you'll be eternally indebted to them.
But damn you, Mauras, what are you trying to tell me?
Would you be insinuating that Lord Mortimer is responsible for killing Miss Adams?
Is that it?
[to himself] This discussion seems to be leading nowhere.
Miss Adams did not die in the manner suggested by Lord Mortimer.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well that Miss Adams was murdered by Mr. Peru.
Why on earth would Lord Mortimer plot the death of this poor lady?
You're very gullible, Duke Manuel.
I investigated her death.
Elizabeth Adams was none other than the daughter of John Adams, Vice President of the United States of America!
She was declared stillborn by her father and kept from public view because of black magic. And despite years of treatment, her father preferred to sacrifice her by sending her to Mortimer.
Mortimer knew Adams. They worked together. But, one day, Adams decided to do without his services.
And "what a surprise" no sooner was his first child born, a girl, than she was possessed by the Devil.
Oh come now, what are you talking about?
Nothing! Forget the whole story, Duke Manuel! But you should know that one never makes a pact with the devil!
Enough said, Mauras!
I am in a hurry and I have a boat to take. Now leave me!
Mr. Peru did not die in the manner claimed by Lord Mortimer.
What are you insinuating, Mauras? Lord Mortimer is lying about the death of Peru, is that it?
I was there!
Mr. Peru did not attack Mr. Bonaparte as he claims.
Mortimer suggested that we plot to halt the revolution in France, which enraged Mr. Peru.
And Mortimer asked us to shoot him, in cold blood!
The second I refused, Bonaparte took up a gun, cleverly placed there, and shot him in the head.
Mr. Peru was only there to be shot!! Do you understand?!
I do not understand a word except that you are accusing of conspiracy to murder one of the most influential men I know.
Why in the devil's name would a man of his rank want the death of poor Peru?
The answer is in the question, Duke Manuel.
Why in the devil's name would a man like him want that?
The Devil! He is the devil and we are here in his lair.
The Devil.
Of course.
That is the only possibility I see.
Good enough! I have listened while you churned out your stories, Mr. Mauras.
I've remained courteous, but now a boat is waiting for me, and so I would ask you to leave my room immediately.
I see that you do not believe me.
But yes...  of course.
Mr. De Richet did not commit suicide!
Sir, De Richet was my father! I came to this island because nothing had been heard from him since he set foot here, upon Mortimer's invitation!
My father had been investigating him for years. I'm sure that he had uncovered something about him and that he was about to reveal it.
Mr. De Richet was your father!?
But you are called Mauras.
I carry the maiden name of my mother, for reasons that are too long to explain.
And your father was investigating Lord Mortimer!?
But what are you telling me, Mauras!?
My father suspected Mortimer of not being who he claimed to be, and of plotting in the shadows of the powerful in order to influence the future of the world.
Influence the future of the world!
Plotting in the shadows of the powerful!
Of course.
I understand.
Now listen young man, I am in a hurry.
Now a boat is waiting for me, and so I would ask you to leave my room immediately or else I shall be obliged to call the servants.
You don't believe me.
But yes...  of course.
I do apologize, sir. I believe that I'm beginning to lose my mind.
That, I see.
The Father's Curse. Decidedly, it's a recurring theme with Mortimer.
The return of the son to his father's deathbed. Too late, son. At the same time, you should not have cursed him, Dad.
The Sacrifice of Isaac, painted by Caravaggio. He sacrificed his own child: faith or folly?
The Incredulity of Saint Thomas.
Put your finger here, and see my hands; and put out your hand, and place it in my side.
Classic mistake, Saint Thomas never directly touched the wound. It's even the profession of faith of those who believe without touching.
The Last Judgement, by Weyden. Pure Flemish style. Still, cannot be the original. No...  That's impossible.
Lord Mortimer makes these tonics available to guests. A nice touch!
Enough said; do you require anything more of me?
Enough, my son.
I was just leaving, Your Grace.
It seems that I am not the only one you annoy, Mr. Mauras.
But then, just now, as you entered my room, I realised it was not Lord Mortimer that was linked to my darkest fears.
But it was you!
Wait Your Grace, I... 
Back! Back, demon! Back!
No, your words will not unsettle my mind! Gabriel, I call upon you; protect me from this Devil.
[to himself] That's Aramaic. A form of incantation against the devil!
Well this is just what I needed!
Let me explain, Your Grace... 
Away from me, demon! Flee before the Almighty!
What are you doing … What is that?
I do not fear you, Lucifer, Prince of Darkness! Neither you nor your spawn! Vade Vade Retro Satanas!
[To Mauras] What's happening to you, Louis?
[To Mortimer] I don't know. I think I feel unwell …
He is here! I feel the presence of the Evil One in this room!
By the strength...  by the strength of Santo Christopher! Santo Francesco and Santo Jude! Please, Give me your strength!
Stop, Piaggi! Stop, stop! Piaggi! Stop!
[To Mauras] Give yourself over to me, Louis.
[To Mauras] Already you are unable to perform what I expected of you; now I am taking control.
[To Mauras] You followed my instructions; now let me help you.
[To Mauras] You just have to accept me.
NNNNNOOooo!!!
[To Mauras] Just let me enter you, Louis.
[To Mauras] I am here my son, all is well.
[To Mauras] Don't be foolish, Louis!
[To Mauras] You're still my son and I will not let this fool attack us in this manner!
[To Mauras] I'm sorry, my son, but from now on, I am taking things into my own hands!
[To Mortimer] No more!
You surprise me, Piaggi.
I'm surprised that a member of the Catholic church such as you, would believe in such pagan incantation.
I do not fear you, Demon!
One must fight Evil with Evil!
[To Mortimer] What will you do to him?!!
[To Mauras] Do not worry about him, my son. His fate is of very little importance.
[To Mortimer] No, wait! I …
Enough, old man!
Where did you think you were going with those poems from another age?
You have no hold on me!
Shut up!
I think you shouldn't have risked going this far, Giuseppe.
Now you will return to Rome and serve me as required!
And when the time comes, your opinion will be sought on the papal succession.
You will choose your old student, yes, Barnaba Chiaramonti Niccolo, and you will push him to be the next Pope!
Was I clear?
[To Mortimer] What is clear to me, my brother, is that you are cheating!
We were not to intervene directly!
You're breaking our pact!
That old fool used Canum Mortis Seculem on Louis! What was I to do?
I protect my children! That's all.
Stop! Stop. You protect no one besides you and your inflated ego!
You were forbidden to act directly. You know that.
Now, it's I who face you!
And I order you to remain in your place!
How dare you, Gregory?!
Do not underestimate me!
How dare you attack me directly!
For centuries our father has forbidden this! You break the rules!
Always the same attack, my brother!
I know you by heart!
You go too far this time, William! You've broken the first rule! Father will punish you for this!
My turn, little brother.
You should never have broken our pact, William.
You always did as you pleased. Father will never let us fight again. It was almost the end of us, the last time.
You will be punished for this!
Shut up, Gregory!
You just love the sound of your own voice. You're always doing Father's bidding! When will you realise that we are just his puppets! Enough is enough! Our time has come!
You're crazy, my brother … Crazy
Stop, William! You've already lost.
I am sorry, Louis. You may be family, but you must accept responsibility for the mistakes of your father.
Now, you are mine.
Now it's my turn to play, little brother!
Do not be so sure, madame. 
I was thinking of how you could take your revenge upon him. 
Mauras! Did you ever find il Duce Manuel?
No, not yet, Monsignore.
Please follow me, if you will. I shall help you.
Mr. Mauras. You seem lost.
I'm looking for Duke Manuel. Have you seen him?
Follow me, my son, I shall help you.
It would seem as though Duke Manuel is not here.
I know; he was pressed for time and has already taken the boat.
I did not bring you here for that.
Excuse me??!!
I don't understand. You did say that you would help me?
That is correct. You need help, my son.
Perhaps you may not recognise it, but you very much need my help. I shall free you.
...  Cabrón! You can forget all agreements between us!
I will do anything to oppose your plans!
You've just made a powerful enemy... 
Cabrón! Now I can see you as you truly are!
I am glad I resisted your pathetic attempts to convince me!
You have made yourself a powerful enemy... 
Leave, my friend.
I wish you bon courage, your Grace.
Are you all right, Your Grace?
When I stepped onto this island, I felt the first symptoms of Evil.
At first I thought it was Lord Mortimer that provoked this malaise in me.
In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti.
Ecce Crucem Domini, fugite partes adversæ.
Liquor
Letters to Marie-Louise de Bourbon Parme
Letters from the Vatican
Finely crafted chocolates
Themis Statue</n>
Tonic
Tonic
