The lances!
Well, sir, I see you have some captivating books and...
...you seem to be rather interested in the famous Longinus.
I... it's... what's it to do with you?
I overheard you speaking with Piaggi... What are you two up to exactly?
No, I... Fine! Yes, we are looking for the Holy Lance.
That imbecile has given Mortimer all the ones kept in the private collection of the Holy See!
But it... it's not what you think... I...
Hang on a minute...
Wait... that's my book!
You're the one looking for the Lance!
No, I...
Don't take me for a fool! You are looking for the Holy Lances!
Refer him to the Al Azif
Not at all, I...
I've come here to talk to you about the Al Azif.
Ach, you are lying through your teeth!
You are not here for the Al Azif!
No, of course not.
Wh... What makes you think that?
You are a very bad liar, my lad!
Don't think you're going to get away with it so easily!
Pretend not to
Why, of course not.
What makes you think that?
You are a bad liar, my boy!
Don't think you are going to get away with it so easily!
What are you so afraid of?
What's the matter?
You seem completely panicked at the idea I might be interested in this relic.
I... no! No! That's not true!
What are you so afraid of?
I'm not afraid!
You know Mortimer's got it, so you're not worried that I'd give it back to him.
What are you...?
So why are you so terrified of me being able to find it?
You have no idea what it is you're looking for...
I'm only looking for the right one.
I'm not looking for the Lances of Longinus, von Wöllner.
I'm looking for THE Lance of Longinus. The one that pierced Christ's side.
You are playing with fire!
Don't take it the wrong way, I'll leave you all the copies.
Don't worry about that!
Good answer...
What are you playing at, de Richet?
Mortimer's the one who has that cursed Lance.
How long have you been looking for it?
Ah, I see! You want it, and so you planned to steal it from Mortimer...
For a long time, isn't that right?
Why you little swine! You're planning to give it to Sir Gregory!
You're looking to double-cross me, and Piaggi too!
What on earth is he talking about?
Yes, I want to give it to Holm.
That's right! You can read me like an open book!
I'll find the Lance before you and make you look like a fool in front of Holm!
Hang on... you're trying to pull one over on me... if that was your plan, you wouldn't reveal it so easily!
It must be for something else...
No, you jackass!
Alright, alright! Calm down!
I don't give a damn about getting you in Sir Gregory's bad books!
Look at yourself, goddammit, you're ridiculous!
Shut it!
Don't think you're going to fool me so easily!
If you're not looking for the Lance for Sir Gregory, then why do you want it?
Make up for Piaggi's mistakes?
Mr von Wöllner, would you be so kind as to calm yourself down, please!
All I'm trying to do is make amends for his Eminence's errors.
Sir Gregory should surround himself with better people, if you want my opinion, but Piaggi is a friend of my mother's.
What? I...
You want to help Piaggi?
I just told you, that's what my mother would do if she was here.
I heard you in the corridor and he seemed to be in serious trouble because of the Lances.
I'm only trying to help him.
Ah... alright, Louis.
For you, Wollner.
But calm yourself, goddammit! You're the one I'm trying to help.
What... what?
I heard you talking with his Eminence, and it seemed to me that this story about the Lances had put you in a tight spot.
I was only trying to be helpful.
But why didn't you tell me straight away?
Seeing as I hadn't found it, I... I didn't want to commit myself too quickly.
If I failed, I... I would have looked like a beginner.
I understand, Louis.
GOOD
I thought you were trying to manipulate me.
But please excuse me, I got a little bit carried away.
But you can't get ahead by staying in the shadows on a case like this.
There are already several of us searching for the Lance of Longinus, and it would be smarter to pool our information.
Unfortunately, I've barely made any progress. I'm still trying to find out what the original Lance really looked like.
Ach! Let me reassure you, we've all been there, given the number of copies there are in existence.
It also took us quite some time to discover it's true shape.
Many believe the central part of the head of the Lance to be covered in gold, whereas in truth, its center is made of an alloy of copper and iron.
That does make sense, in those times a centurion wouldn't have any chance of possessing a lance made of gold.
Ah! That is the perversion of Christian idolatry. A copper lance could not have been noble enough to pierce the side of Christ.
Anyway, thank you, sir.
You're welcome, Louis.
Keep me posted as to your research. We're bound to end up recovering it.
I'm counting on it.
See you later.
BAD
