Examine
What about this lance, it's got...
A spear shape...
The blade is partly made of copper...
A barely visible crucifix is engraved on the blade...
Take
There're several spearheads. I need to find clues to pick the right one... Piaggi knows something about it for sure.
I've got to be careful here. I must be sure of my choice, I can't get it wrong.
Am I sure this is the one to take?
Pick this lance
Move back
Leave
Examine
I can see that this spear has a...
A so-called leaf shape...
It is copper-rimmed...
I can see the tip is engraved with the symbol of the eye of Ra...
Take
There're several spearheads. I need to find clues to pick the right one... Piaggi knows something about it for sure.
I must be sure of my choice, I can't get it wrong.
Am I sure this is the one to take?
Pick this lance
Move back
Leave
Examine
I can see that this spear has a...
A so-called leaf shape...
It is copper-rimmed...
I can see the tip is engraved with the symbol of the eye of Ra...
Take
There're several spearheads. I need to find clues to pick the right one... Piaggi knows something about it for sure.
I must be sure of my choice, I can't get it wrong.
Am I sure this is the one to take?
Pick this lance
Move back
Leave
I've chosen the Lance of Longinus
I have found all the clues enabling me to identify the Lance of Longinus
I have not found all the clues enabling me to identify the Lance of Longinus
I did not succeed in convincing Cardinal Piaggi to help me
I convinced Cardinal Piaggi to help me
I succeeded in extracting all the information from vonWöllner
I explored the crypt of the Mortimers
I was outclassed by von Wöllner
I could have discovered forgotten secrets
I could have exploited Lord Mortimer's information about the Lance of Longinus
I could have analyzed the clues that Lord Mortimer collected
I succeeded in extracting all the information from Cardinal Piaggi on the Lance of Longinus
I pillaged Lord Mortimer's hidden treasure
I could have discovered a hidden treasure
I found all the copies of the Lance of Longinus kept by Lord Mortimer
I did not find all the copies of the Lance of Longinus kept by Lord Mortimer
It seems like he isn't here.
It seems like he isn't here.
But where are we?
I don't know but we'd better not hang around.
Say nothing
...
What did she think she was going to find behind that door?
Do you know what we're looking for?
We'd better keep our guard up...
Be careful, Mother... as if me saying that would make any difference...
Knowing Mortimer, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd rigged his crypt with traps.
So you think the door is not enough?
Do you want to wager your other hand?
You've got a point there...
We have to find that weapon...
What do you know about the Holy Lance, Louis?
The what?
The lance of Longinus the centurion...
I don't know
I'm sorry but I don't remember anything specific...
It's the lance with which the Roman centurion pierced the side of Christ on his crucifixion.
I know
Ah, that? That's what we've come to find?
The lance that a centurion stuck in the side of Christ at his crucifixion...
That's it...
Ah, right, I remember
Yes, the centurion that pierced the side of Christ with his lance... That weapon naturally became a holy relic...
Exactly...
That's what Piaggi and Von Wöllner were talking about
Now that you mention it... I did catch von Wöllner in the middle of an altercation with Piaggi...
What?
Von Wöllner blamed his Eminence for having supplied Mortimer with all the lances in the Vatican's possession...
If Mortimer has all of them in his possession, it's not going to help us...
Seriously, you don't really believe that fable, do you?
Every fable is founded on true events.
I'm not saying that everything adds up! But imagine if it really did exist...?
Very well. Now what?
Well, now you know what you need to find!
Pardon?
I have to get to the wharf to prepare our departure. Let's get off this cursed island as quickly as we can. We shall come back when we are ready and armed.
But... hang on...
Louis, let's first get to safety. We shall come back when we have the upper hand, fear not.
You take care of getting the lance, it's imperative! I'll take care of preparing our departure...
Hang on! At least tell me everything you know about this Lance!
But I have never seen it, there's nothing else I can say, Louis!
Well, you can always go snooping around Mortimer's study. I remember seeing paintings of Longinus there...
I want to know why she shot Emma!
Hang on a second!
