Stop running round in circles and just tell me what you would use the Lance for.
To protect myself
I need it.
Why?
You won't understand...
Try me, Louis.
I need to protect myself with it.
To drive away the Demons
If I told you why I needed this Lance, you would never believe it.
Trust me, Louis.
You can tell me anything.
It's our only chance to vanquish the Demons...
Oh my dear God, Louis... you sound just like Sarah!
Do you realize you are following the same path?
Step by step. Sarah also started by imagining things.
She too spoke of Demons, I am told. She could no longer speak to anyone and saw a hidden monster in every guest, lurking in the shadows, ready to devour her.
You must let us help you.
GOOD ANSWER
Louis, thank you for your sincerity.
I shall answer you about Longinus, you deserve to be told.
His spearheaded lance did indeed pierce the side of the Messiah. His blood gushed out covering the head of the lance.
It was completely covered in the blood of Christ.
Thank you. Thank you, your Eminence.
You are welcome, take care, Louis.
You are on a perilous path. Don't follow Sarah's demons, my boy...
Don't delve too deeply into her delusions or you won't be able to come back.
The Demons that she is frantically trying to drive away are in her own mind.
Take good care of yourself. God keep you...
BAD ANSWER
Louis, you should abandon your project.
I say this for your own good. You will only get burnt if you embark on this enterprise
Leave the Lance where it is. Too many people have suffered because of it.
Please excuse me, your Eminence, I'm... I'm in a terrible hurry.
Of course you are, and you won't listen to my advice...
Don't worry about me, your Eminence.
Everything is fine.
That is not the impression you give... minus one of your limbs.
Wait... is he reacting to my arm at last?
Good luck.
Your Eminence, would you have a moment to spare?
Not now, Louis...
Please, leave me alone!
I beg your pardon?
I want to be alone!
Very well, I...
I'm only searching for information about the lance of Longinus the soldier. If you could...
You are not listening to me...
You are playing with fire!
I heard you speak to Mr von Wöllner about it and I was wondering if you could tell me something about it.
That was a private conversation!
How could I have known that he was listening to us!!?
I see what you mean...
Louis, don't push it.
Leave while you still can!
Your Eminence? Are you alright?
Your Eminence? Are you with me?
Can you turn around, please?
What do you want to know about the Holy Lance, Louis?
Your Eminence, turn around...
This is the weapon used by a Roman centurion, on the very day Christ was nailed to the cross.
Look at me.
Longinus thrust his lance in the right side of Jesus.
Please.
As you wish.
His nose is bleeding...
So, you are looking for the Holy Lance of Longinus, are you?
Yes
Exactly.
Frank and direct! I like that.
Please don't try to be sly.
No
Of course not, your Eminence.
Come now, Louis, please don't insult me.
It's just a pity that you have no idea why you are looking for it.
What is wrong with him?
Your Eminence, you're worrying me...
What is happening to you?
Nothing, Louis. Just a moment of weakness but I'm better now.
I am all ears.
Only some information
No, no, I... I was wondering about it myself.
Oh Louis, it's even worse than I thought.
I believe you when you say you've only come to find out more.
But in that case, it means that Sarah didn't even tell you the point of it all.
Because, believe me, you are looking for it.
You are looking for the Lance.
You should know, you are not the only one.
Lord Mortimer has spent a good part of his life and his fortune trying to find it.
Never will he let you have it.
But tell me, before going any further...
...have you spoken to anyone else about this?
Yes
My mother
Yes, my mother knows about it.
Of course, Sarah. Who else?
Wöllner
Well, I spoke to Mr von Wöllner about it, why?
Because you are endangering all those who know anything about this Lance, Louis.
Anyone else?
Washington
