Know who it is
The name of the Roman soldier who killed Christ never appears in the biblical canon...
Yet, it is said that he was a centurion and was called Longinus...
Leave
Leave
Remember or find a clue
The gospel of Saint John is the most detailed on the subject of the crucifixion...
Leave
I managed to get the biography of Longinus the centurion!
Let's see what it can teach me...
An interesting passage here tells me that the lance is engraved with the symbol of the first Christians: the fish!
I managed to get the biography of Longinus the centurion!
Let's see what it can teach me...
An interesting passage here tells me that the lance is engraved with the symbol of the first Christians: the fish!
Your Eminence, would you have a moment to spare?
Not now, Louis...
Please, leave me alone!
I beg your pardon?
I want to be alone!
Very well, I...
I'm only searching for information about the lance of Longinus the soldier. If you could...
You are not listening to me...
You are playing with fire!
I heard you speak to Mr von Wöllner about it and I was wondering if you could tell me something about it.
That was a private conversation!
How could I have known that he was listening to us!!?
I see what you mean...
Louis, don't push it.
Leave while you still can!
Your Eminence? Are you alright?
Your Eminence? Are you with me?
Can you turn around, please?
What do you want to know about the Holy Lance, Louis?
Your Eminence, turn around...
This is the weapon used by a Roman centurion, on the very day Christ was nailed to the cross.
Look at me.
Longinus thrust his lance in the right side of Jesus.
Please...
As you wish.
His nose is bleeding...
So, you are looking for the Holy Lance of Longinus, are you?
Yes
Exactly.
Frank and direct! I like that.
Thank you for not trying to be sly.
No
Of course not, your Eminence.
Come now, Louis, please don't insult me.
It's just a pity that you have no idea why you are looking for it.
What is wrong with him?
Your Eminence, you're worrying me...
What is happening to you?
Nothing, Louis. Just a moment of weakness but I'm better now.
I am all ears.
Only some information
No, no, I... I was wondering about it myself.
Oh Louis, it's even worse than I thought.
I believe you when you say you've only come to find out more.
But in that case, it means that Sarah didn't even tell you the point of it all.
Because, believe me, you are looking for it.
You are looking for the Lance.
You should know, you are not the only one.
Lord Mortimer has spent a good part of his life and his fortune trying to find it.
Never will he let you have it.
But tell me, before going any further...
...have you spoken to anyone else about this?
Yes
My mother
Yes, my mother knows about it.
Of course, Sarah. Who else?
Wöllner
Well, I spoke to Mr von Wöllner about it, why?
Because you are endangering all those who know anything about this Lance, Louis.
Anyone else?
Washington
Briefly with President Washington.
Who knows what exactly?
Absolutely nothing, he advised me to speak to Mr von Wöllner.
Very well. Is that all?
That is all
No one else.
No
No, you are the first I have spoken to about it, your Eminence.
Come, Louis... Are you quite sure of that?
No!
No, no, your Eminence.
I thought you'd be the only one able to help me with it.
Your words lack conviction, Louis.
If I'm asking you all these things, it's for your own good, you know.
You have no reason to lie to me.
Imagine you find it. Which I don't doubt, given how resolute you are when you've got something on your mind.
Then what?
What are you going to use the Lance for, exactly?
Nothing
Nothing in particular, I...
I'd like to study it, that's all.
Louis, please. I'm sure you can do better than that.
I can't answer him
Your Eminence, I regret. I am unable to answer.
Please understand that it... it pains me, but if I answered you, I... I would risk putting you in danger.
