Briefly with President Washington.
Who knows what exactly?
Absolutely nothing, he advised me to speak to Mr von Wöllner.
Very well. Is that all?
That is all
No one else.
No
No, you are the first I have spoken to about it, your Eminence.
Come, Louis... Are you quite sure of that?
No!
No, no, your Eminence.
I thought you'd be the only one able to help me with it.
Your words lack conviction, Louis.
If I'm asking you all these things, it's for your own good, you know.
You have no reason to lie to me.
Imagine you find it. Which I don't doubt, given how resolute you are when you've got something on your mind.
Then what?
What are you going to use the Lance for, exactly?
Nothing
Nothing in particular, I...
I'd like to study it, that's all.
Come, Louis. I'm sure you can do better than that.
I can't answer him
Your Eminence, I regret. I am unable to answer.
Please understand that it... it pains me, but if I answered you, I... I would risk putting you in danger.
Stop running round in circles and just tell me what you would use the Lance for.
To protect myself
I need it.
Why?
You won't understand...
Try me, Louis.
I need to protect myself with it.
To drive away the Demons
If I told you why I needed this Lance, you would never believe it.
Trust me, Louis.
You can tell me anything.
It's our only chance to vanquish the Demons...
Oh my dear God, Louis... you sound just like Sarah!
Do you realize you are following the same path?
Step by step. Sarah also started by imagining things.
She too spoke of Demons, I am told. She could no longer speak to anyone and saw a hidden monster in every guest, lurking in the shadows, ready to devour her.
You must let us help you.
GOOD ANSWER
Louis, thank you for your sincerity.
I shall answer you about Longinus, you deserve to be told.
His spearheaded lance did indeed pierce the side of the Messiah. His blood gushed out covering the head of the lance.
It was completely covered in the blood of Christ.
Thank you. Thank you, your Eminence.
You are welcome, take care, Louis.
You are on a perilous path. Don't follow Sarah's demons, my boy...
Don't delve too deeply into her delusions or you won't be able to come back.
The Demons that she is frantically trying to drive away are in her own mind.
Take good care of yourself. God keep you...
BAD ANSWER
Louis, you should abandon your project.
I say this for your own good. You will only get burnt if you embark on this enterprise
Leave the Lance where it is. Too many people have suffered because of it.
Please excuse me, your Eminence, I'm... I'm in a terrible hurry.
Of course you are, and you won't listen to my advice...
Don't worry about me, your Eminence.
Everything is fine.
That is not the impression you give... minus one of your limbs.
Wait... is he reacting to my arm at last?
Good luck.
De Richet?
Damn, that's all I need!
Maybe he knows something about the Lance...
What happened? You... You've lost... Ach, how horrible! Your hand!
I... It's an accident... To tell you the truth, I...
An accident? Are you joking? You have lost your hand, Louis!!!
We've got to do something!
It's been done! I've been given treatment, rest assured.
I admit that I didn't truly realize the consequences of my recklessness, so just stay calm...
Yes, yes... of course... but... Louis, it's your hand!
I know! Please!
There's nothing I can do about it. I know, I made a mistake, but it's too late now!
It was an accident. I only wanted to inspect the place to find my mother and, well, I fell into a trap...
The result is appalling, I... I grant you that but...
...at least I can guarantee that we're all perfectly safe here on this island!
And you joke about it?
Am I dreaming...?
No, sir, but let's be realistic...
So many world leaders brought together in one place and there are no safeguards? The error indeed stems from my recklessness.
I went looking here and there in search of my mother and I had an accident... It's my own fault.
Fine. We will drop this... incident? Why are you here?
What are you doing in my room?
Nothing
Don't take it the wrong way, I was just passing through...
Ach! Don't take me for a fool!
As far as I know, I did not invite you.
And I do not much appreciate you entering my quarters like this!
I was looking for you
Sir, perfect timing, I... I was looking for you...
You were looking for me?
Well, here I am. What can I do for you?
I was wondering if you might help me...
I have run out of things to read.
Von Wöllner... Let's not have a misunderstanding, I...
I had nothing else to read in my bookcase and I wondered if I...
Ach! Stop your blathering, de Richet!
