Go back
Monsieur Bonaparte...
Louis, once again: bravo for what you did.
If it weren't for you, Péru would have blown his brains out!
You've got courage.  I like this!
Don't feel guilty over Monsieur Péru, you did your best.
Yes, Louis... What do you want?
Let's get to the point, I have to study our different possibilities for turning the vote in our favor.
We just lost a vote for the next conference, and we already had fewer votes than Holm.
I must absolutely find a solution.
To hell with the conference
Excuse me, sir, but given recent events, I find it somewhat cavalier to return to your political preoccupations so quickly...
Yes, yes, I know, you must find me inhumane, but what can I do?
We are here to decide upon the fate of our nations, Louis!
It is time you realize what is at stake here...
I hold nothing against Monsieur Péru personally, but what concerns me most right now is to not lose sight of the objectives of this meeting.
The conference comes first
Yes, yes indeed...
But I believe if Lord Mortimer is still confident, it's because he still has a few cards up his sleeve...
I hope so...  I sincerely hope so...
Given your failure to convince Godoy, it's going to take a bit more than luck!
You should have gone yourself then, if you think you coud have done better!
Unfortunately, that vote of Godoy you acquired is probably not going to suffice.
Well, it's still more than what you've done, isn't it?
I see you have a short fuse, monsieur!
As someone who just started a war with Spain, if I were you, I wouldn't get on my high horse so quickly.
In short, we haven't a minute to lose.
I'll leave you now.
Just a minute.
Speak to him about Emily
Can you tell me what Duchess Hillsborrow proposed to you on the night of the conference?
I was sure you'd ask me that...
Not that I hold the Duchess dear to my heart, but I do nevertheless have some scruples.
I have noticed you hovering around her since you arrived, and I only have one piece of advice to give you:
Don't forget why she came here and don't delude yourself.
That makes two pieces of advice.
Ah, how you love having the last word...
Well, I'll leave you now.
See you later, sir.
What was Emily after on the night of the conference.
Why did Duchess Hillsborrow go and see you last night?
Ah, I see that it bothers you not to know.
I've half a mind to send you on a wild goose chase...
The Duchess simply came to persuade me to change sides.
But rest assured, with the most honorable intentions.
What did Emily propose on the night of the conference?
What did Duchess Hillsborrow propose last night?
Oh, nothing worth worrying about.
The pretty little pudding-eater found no better tactic than to threaten me.
She would have been better off sliding into my bed, at least we wouldn't have wasted part of the night talking for nothing.
Threatened?
Threatened you, you say?
That's what I said...
I think I'm going to have to be careful of English troops crisscrossing the Mediterranean for a while.
The witch would let loose the wrath of the English Crown on my august person.
But if she thinks that would scare a Bonaparte, she is mistaken!
Shut your hole, you swine!
Shut up! Or I will not hesitate to make you eat your words!
Louis, you really must learn to conceal your weaknesses better...  if you don't want your foes to use them against you.
In our profession, it's dangerous to show any vulnerability...
Anyway...  Don't worry about last night. The discussion between the duchess and myself was innocent and conducted with only the most honorable intentions.
Now, Louis. Time is running short and as I said, I'm in a hurry.
I have to go now. I will see you later.
Sorry de Richet, I have no time for traitors such as yourself.
I beg your pardon?
If you are here, it's because Lord Mortimer agreed to include you.
And what's the first thing that you do?
You betray him by following Sir Gregory and bending over backwards to turn Washington against him.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought I was free to vote as I pleased.
I didn't realize I had to vote for Lord Mortimer in order to show my gratitude toward him...
Hey, he invited me here to come and look for my missing mother during his high-society party!
I'm sorry, truly sorry, I don't know all your customs yet!
It's just common decency that, when invited to a man's castle, you don't go and to pee on his boots.
Is it too much to ask?
I guess it is.
I already mentioned it yesterday...  either to you or to someone else, impossible to tell with you people!
Yes, sir.
Your "yes" is not sufficient...  Tell the others, for crying out loud!
Remember to close my window once you've done my room!
This isn't Corsica, you know, I'm freezing!
Of course, sir.
I'll see to it straight away.
Good, proceed.
Yes, sir.
Examine the sword
Napoleon's sword... 
Take the sword
This sword is well-made.
I should be able to force the lock with it.
Go back
Examine the sword
Napoleon's sword... 
Take the sword
This sword is well-made.
I should be able to force the lock with it.
Go back
I have to get inside Emily's room through the... 
Shit, it's locked!
Pick the lock
Force open the window
