Don't mention it, my Lord...
You would have done the same. I was just quicker.
Ah, humility is a fine quality, sir.
Where is he now?
In his room. I've sedated him. I don't want him trying to take his life again.
Or worse yet, attacking one of the guests. When in despair, Monsieur Péru is clearly a dangerous man.
Why did he want to commit suicide?
In your opinion, why did he want to commit suicide?
Well, I'm afraid with the passing years, he could no longer carry the burden of his actions during the French Revolution.
What do you mean?
Do you know his reputation?
Not really, I must admit.
Well, Jacques Péru is considered to be one of the most ruthless judges of the revolutionary tribunal of Paris.
If by misfortune he was the one on your case, you had nine chances out of ten of ending up on the scaffold...
Or else tortured at Petit Chatelet until your execution day...
In that case, why did you support him?
Through loyalty. I am not in the habit of abandoning my allies.
At the beginning, he firmly supported the Convention by ensuring that the Nobility could not escape their destiny.
The purging of the Noble blood...
It is unfortunate but often necessary for change, Louis.
We had to ensure that the Old Regime would never return to power, without which all our efforts would have been in vain.
I was expecting as much.
I knew he did some bad things, but not to that extent.
We talked together the other day.
What did he tell you?
He had said goodbye to his daughter
I had surprised him writing a goodbye letter to his daughter.
Oh! Péru had a daughter?
You didn't know?
Not at all.
Well, Apparently, his intention was to send her to an orphanage.
Nothing very specific
He didn't go into detail but...
I was given to understand that his position, and therefore his life, had become pretty much unbearable.
I should have known...
Over time, the position of judge can slowly gnaw away at you, if you are not careful.
What do you mean?
You end up blaming the whole world, and take it out on the first person to step in your way.
Criminals literally getting away with murder, lawyers always playing with the law...
You end up feeling out of your depth.
It would seem so, indeed...
Be wary of Mortimer
To tell the truth, he told me to be careful of you.
Of me? Why...  why is that?
He said you were...  you were the devil...
Well, doesn't that just take the cake!
For years I've been striving to support and encourage his career, and now look what he says about me.
What ingratitude!
Did he tell you why he thought that about me?
Yes
You apparently charmed, flattered and pushed him.
That's not entirely untrue, but how is that a crime?
By following you, he became lost, to the point where he was no longer able to recognize, nor bear himself.
No
Not in the slightest, my Lord.
His speech was very incoherent.
Oh...  Well, I'm...  I'm saddened by what you say.
I'm sorry to be the bearer of such news.
Don't be, Louis.
It isn't your fault.
That you are apparently testing me.
According to him, you're apparently testing me.
Testing you?
What the devil for?
I don't know.
He implied that you would move heaven and earth to charm me into serving you.
Frankly, Louis, I'm probably not the best person to reply to these allegations.
But I can't see why I would be moving mountains to please you.
I did not meet you on the evening of your arrival.
I unfortunately have not been able to find your mother.
You have even been accused of murder!
I can assure you if my intention was to charm you, as you say, I would have presented myself in a much more favorable light.
Why was he terrified of Mortimer?
Tell me, my Lord...
Can you think of any reason why he would be so terrified of you?
Terrified? Come now, that's a bit harsh...
I think he was simply unable to put things into perspective.
I see no reason to fear me. Ask President Washington, I don't believe I'm such a "difficult" friend.
Having spoken to him, I can assure you that he feared you even more than death itself.
Had he disappointed you in any way recently?
Of course, he was on the edge. He was desperate and it grew noticeable in his work.
Our collaboration was probably coming to an end, but I certainly didn't feel the need to threaten him, ever.
But without you, no more support, no more money. It was an end to his social status.
If you lost, he lost everything, didn't he?
No, not his life.
Thanks to me, I guess...
Why did you invite him?
Tell me, my Lord...
What did you expect of him exactly?
I found it difficult to understand what his role was here.
In fact, I asked him here to speak about our collaboration.
His mission was soon to come to an end and I was hoping to persuade him to slow down...
I had a few interesting missions abroad to propose to him.
Did you tell him that?
I just let him know that perhaps it was time to move on to something else.
On that note, my Lord, I'll be leaving you.
Have we covered everything?
Absolutely.
I wanted to see you to apologize for all these events... 
I am absolutely bowled over by what has just happened.
