Who would have thought that Monsieur Péru would have taken his own life like that?
I'm not excusing what he did!
I don't know.
We weren't inside his mind.
Of course.
Oh, I did notice that he seemed to have a lot on his mind since he arrived here... 
The burden of his position, the difficult political atmosphere in Paris, but never did I think he would go to such an extreme... 
He could have asked for help.
No one held his hand when he pulled the trigger.
We cannot blame ourselves, despite the gravity of the act.
I admit that I did have serious doubts about him of late.
I found him wary and distant.
After such an act, I agree it is difficult to say whether or not he had all his mental faculties.
His fate doesn't really concern me
To be honest, my Lord, I would not have risked my life for his, and his death doesn't really concern me.
I understand.
You didn't really know him.
I can't help but wonder what could have pushed him into doing it.
We shall never know, my Lord.
(Lie) There was nothing I could do
I hate myself for not being able to intervene... 
Unfortunately, he surprised us all.
Of course... 
Don't blame yourself...  we couldn't know what he had planned.
It was to be expected.
Oh there were a few warning signs.
From having talked to him, I knew he was desperate. Without guidance, disappointed with his life... 
Oh really?
What did he tell you?
He had said goodbye to his daughter.
Well, I had surprised him writing a goodbye letter to his daughter.
Péru had a daughter?
You didn't know?
No, no, not at all.
Apparently, his intention was to send her to an orphanage
Nothing very specific
He didn't go into the details... 
But I was given to understand that his position, and indeed his life, had become unbearable.
I should have known... 
The role of judge, in the long run, can gnaw away at you slowly if you are not careful.
You end up blaming the whole world, and take it out on the first person who steps in your way.
Criminals getting away with murder, lawyers always playing with the law.
You can lose your bearings somewhat.
It would seem so, I suppose... 
Warn me against Mortimer
He told me to beware of you, to be honest.
Of me? Why is that?
He said you were the... the devil... 
Well, doesn't that just take the cake!
For years I've been striving to support and encourage his career and now look at how he repays me.
What ingratitude!
Did he tell you why he thought that about me?
Yes
You apparently charmed, flattered, pushed him.
That's not entirely untrue, but how is that a crime?
By following you, he became lost...  to the extend of neither being able to recognize, nor bear himself.
No
No, he didn't, my Lord.
His speech was very disorganized.
Oh, I... I'm saddened by what you say.
I am sorry to be the bearer of such news.
Don't be, Louis.
It isn't your fault.
That you are apparently testing me
According to him, you are apparently testing me.
Testing you, Louis?
What the devil for?
I don't know.
You would apparently move heaven and earth to try and charm me into serving you.
Well, frankly, Louis, it's not for me to reply to these allegations.
But I can't see why I would be moving mountains to please you.
I did not meet you on the evening of your arrival.
I unfortunately, have not been able to find your mother.
You were even accused of murder!
I can assure you if I wanted to charm you, as you say, I would have presented myself in a much more favorable light.
On that note, my Lord, I'll be leaving you.
Have we covered everything?
Absolutely.
Louis, I wanted to talk to you a moment about what has happened.
All this is tragic but I wanted to thank you for doing what you could... 
I wasn't able to save him... 
You couldn't, Louis. You mustn't blame yourself.
It is not your fault.
Yes, you are right
Of course but... 
I thought I could help him.
I guess it was too late.
Don't torture yourself. Look what you've done... 
I admire what you did... 
Who else among all these great luminaries of the modern world even raised a finger?
No one. You were the only one who tried to do anything.
I knew this would happen
I could have anticipated this, I... 
I spoke to him the day before and I should have seen he was in...  well, in a bad way... 
But I'm guessing he refused your help... 
I...  yes... 
You see, you can't save someone who doesn't want to be saved... 
We talked, I...  I should have taken it a little more seriously... 
What about?
Nothing in particular
