We should do our utmost to put a stop to Mortimer's plans.
But for the time being, there are more pressing matters.
Are you going to tell me why we are here?
There, that's why we are here!
I found out that Napoleon Bonaparte is firmly committed to supporting Lord Mortimer 
I could have been a witness of Napoleon Bonaparte's resolution
I found out that Cardinal Piaggi has not been perturbed by the events
I could have spoken with Piaggi about his motivations 
I found out that von Wöllner had fount Al Azif
I could have learned something from Al Azif
I left traces behind in Napoleon Bonaparte's room
I managed to go through Napoleon Bonaparte's room without leaving a trace
I persuaded von Wöllner to leave Jacques Péru's room
I tried to understand what had happened to Jacques Péru when I saw him in his room
I didn't try to understand what had happened to Jacques Péru when saw him in his room
I could have gone through Jacques Péru's room to get to the balcony
I went to see the crowd outside Lady Hillsborrow's room
I protected one of the Hillsborrow twins
I could have gone to see the crowd outside Lady Hillsborrow's room
I could have gone through Napoleon Bonaparte's room to get to the balcony
Monsieur de Richet...
I have no time, I was about to join Sir Gregory.
Come back later.
Just one moment...  it's about Péru.
I wanted to talk to you a moment and...
I'm expected.
I'm sorry.
We shall talk later.
See you later.
Alright, I'll be off then.
Thank you.
What on earth is...
You...
Mother?
How dare you do this to me?
You can talk!
After everything I've done for you!
You are joking, I hope, right?
I gave you my life!
That's enough, Emma!
Now that Louis is here, you will leave Sarah alone!
Cease your revenge immediately!
Wh... What?
If you think you're going to...
Louis!! Help me, I beg you, I can no longer reason with her.
I am Emily! Quit playing games!
I... What?
Honestly, don't be ridiculous!
No, I am Emily! You are wasting your time, Louis knows very well how to tell us apart.
After everything we've been through together!
Yes... well...
Don't you dare bring him into this, this is between you and me!
I ask for nothing more! So stop taking it out on Sarah!
I...
You prissy little bitch! How dare you!
Now that I've told you everything, you want to take my place, do you?
You are joking, I hope! I'm the one who told you everything that's been going on while you were away!
Go on then! That's what you want, isn't it?
You want to kill me! Go on then, shoot!
After all the trouble I've gone through to find you? Go on! What are you waiting for?
Here, Louis, take this!
Wait, what's going...
An entire life for this! Go on! Shoot!
Sorry, Louis. I can't shoot her, she's my sister...
I...
That's enough, Emma!
Louis, out of the way! She's dangerous, don't trust her!
What are you trying to do?
Louis, out of the way!
I AM NOT EMMA!
Come on, Louis, tell her who the real Emily is...
Wait, I...
That's right, Louis!
I'm fed up with this little game! Tell him who the real Emily is!
Why do these things always happen to me?...
Well?
Louis, come on, you know how to tell us apart, right?!
Yes, yes but I'd like to ask you a few questions, to make sure there is no doubt.
Rational and open, Louis...
Let's see, how can I tell them apart?
Wait, I've got an idea...
On the night of our arrival...
Ask the twin in front
Who was with us?
Who was with us on the wharf?
Cardinal Piaggi.
He was with us from when we started traveling by ship. We arrived on the same boat.
I already told her, Louis...
Another question then?
I'm the one who told you!
What is my job?
You had asked me what had become of me since we last met in London some years before.
What did I answer?
You are an Occultist, Louis.
You told me what happened to you at Hexham Abbey.
That you are a detective, Louis.
You even told me about your adventures regarding some news item...
What were they called now?...
Ah yes! The Chauffeurs d'Orgères!
That you are a Diplomat, Louis.
