Remember...
How did you manage to vanquish the medusa?
Sword toward the gorgon.
Gorgon toward the shield
Shield toward the sword.
Lantern toward the Shield.
Of course, I told her how to do it!
Where were we both?
In the Portrait Gallery, we found ourselves in a singular situation.
What happened to us?
We both went around the Manor all night like sleepwalkers, searching.
And that's how we found ourselves in Mortimer's Private Gallery, behind the chimney.
That doesn't prove a thing, I told you all that!
Make her talk about the objects you found
We found ourselves in Mortimer's secret gallery.
What relics did we find?
Property deeds in Mortimer's name dating from very long ago.
Is that all?
You mean all those mythological charms?
So there was the so-called Pandora's box that wasn't a box, actually.
The famous Golden Fleece that reeked of dead goat.
A broken sword that could have belonged to anyone.
Is that enough?
Yes, that's enough...
You looked captivated.
Of course, he bought it!
What did she think she would find behind the chimney?
That night, we were in Mortimer's private gallery.
In that gallery, something moved you.
What was it that moved you?
Nothing.
Wrong!
But I do remember picking up the first thing to hand and pretending to be the grieving sister to make you feel sorry for me.
What?...
You bitch! Liar!
What was it again?
A jewel, I think...
You dirty little...
A cameo... it was a cameo.
I made you think it reminded me of my sister's.
In truth I was looking for the Al Azif but I didn't dare tell you.
Shut your trap!
What did she think she would find behind the chimney?
That night, we were in Mortimer's private gallery.
Now in that gallery, something moved you.
What was it that moved you?
Nothing.
Wrong!
But I do remember picking up the first thing to hand and pretending to be the grieving sister to make you feel sorry for me.
What?...
You bitch! Liar!
What was it again?
A jewel, I think...
You dirty little...
A cameo... it was a cameo.
I made you think it reminded me of my sister's.
In truth I was looking for the Al Azif but I didn't dare tell you.
Shut your trap!
That's enough! I've had enough of this charade!
Louis, there's only one way to tell us apart. There's just one thing I didn't tell her about in detail.
Too bad for you, Emma! I didn't want it to come to this but you leave me no choice!
Ask her about you and I.
You just lost, Emma...
I indeed didn't tell you everything about it.
Come, Louis. Speak about our intimacy.
Very well, let's talk about us!
Ask the twin in front
What did we talk about last night?
When you came to my room last night, what did we talk about?
I beg your pardon?
But...
I didn't go into your room last night.
There you are, the mask is off...
What do you mean?
Sorry, Emma, I didn't tell you everything.
She's right.
You little bitch!
She is manipulating you, Louis...
What was the reason for your visit last night?
Last night, you came to visit me and I can't help wondering why.
Why did you come to my room?
Louis, you must be mistaken. I did not go to your room last night.
And that's where your little game ends, Emma.
Because I never told you about it.
So, there, you can't answer.
Wha...
No, you didn't do that?!
I didn't want you to be jealous of Louis!
Remember how you always used to react whenever you felt you were competing against a man.
You dirty...
That's enough! I've had enough of this charade!
Why spend the night together last night?
Last night, we spent the night together. But beforehand, you insisted on talking about my choices during the conference.
Why?
I beg your pardon?
Louis, I did not go to see you last night...
Wh... Huh?
Now your true identity is exposed.
What did you do?
I didn't tell you everything, little sister.
