Leave them
I won't keep you any longer.
De Richet! What do you want?
Oh great...  he doesn't look inclined to let me pass...
Get rid of him, Louis.
Don't make me repeat myself, de Richet...
What are you here for?
You wouldn't be in cahoots with Péru by any chance, now would you?
Undermine him
Of course I am. We're both French, so it's obvious we're both involved in all the same shady activities.
No, that's not what I meant...
And you know what they say about the French, right...
Don't make me say what I didn't say!
I was only passing through
Absolutely not, I only ask to pass through.
What 's all this palaver about now?
I'm watching you, de Richet! You've been sneaking all over this place for the past two days!
Only the balcony is behind there! So stop your skulduggery and tell me what you're doing here!
And you?
What am I doing here?
I could ask you the same question. This isn't your room, far as I know.
Don't go trying one-upmanship with me!
I...  I have a... very good reason to be here...
Come to see how Péru is
Absolutely not, I only came here to check on Monsieur Péru.
His catatonic state seems to be beyond traditional medicine.
Listen here, de Richet. Don't take me for a pigeon.
There's nothing odd about Péru. Mortimer has simply sedated him. There's nothing out of the ordinary about that, so find something else to say!
Take revenge on Péru for Elizabeth
And yourself? You wouldn't be here because of what Péru did to Elizabeth, by any chance?
I...  What? But...  what are you going on about, for crying out loud?
I'm convinced you know exactly what I'm talking about.
You had an affair with Elizabeth, you cared about her and you did not appreciate Péru beating on her.
I...  but...  no, no, not at all, why...
... it's got nothing to do with that!
Right, find a way of getting rid of him, Louis, otherwise he won't leave you alone.
I am persuaded that Mortimer has a secret room somewhere in the manor.
If I'm here, it's obviously because Péru must know where it is.
But you might even know about it...  do you?
Yes
As a matter of fact I do, it's in his study.
What?
Yes, under his desk you'll find a pedal which moves the painting on the wall behind.
You can't miss it, it's the Nightmare.
And have you been inside?
Tell him how to enter
Yes.
You type 1191 into the door mechanism and you're done.
No
No, unfortunately not.
No
I haven't the foggiest idea.
As if by chance!
You are hiding something from me. I don't believe you for a single second!
Try in his study, right?
Look, if Mortimer really has a secret room, you ought to try in his study, don't you think?
Probably, yes.
Anyhow, that's where I would have built one.
Calm him down.
Sir, I'm not here to oppose you.
I urge you to calm down.
It's my first time on this island, and as you can well imagine, no one has ever told me where all the secret rooms are.
And look at Péru, he's virtually foaming at the mouth. You'll get nothing out of him now.
Of course! You know nothing at all, do you. How convenient that is!
I've got my eye on you, de Richet!
Good Outcome
I'm sure you are hiding something from me and I'll soon find out what it is!
We haven't finished our business yet, you and I!
I'll go and see in his study.
But I'm warning you, de Richet. If you're taking me for a ride, I'll make you regret it!
Right, that's one thing out of the way.
Bad Outcome
All right, that's enough, de Richet!
You are wasting my time! Get out of here immediately, I've things to do!
Hang on a moment, I...
Out!
You ought to go, Louis... 
 I have a few things to discuss with this gentleman.
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
Interact
