You even told me about the troubles you had saving some compatriots during the French Revolution.
I already told her, Louis...
I was there!
What happened to me?
On the wharf, something happened to me. What was it?
A malaise. The moment you arrived you felt ill.
And I offered to help while Piaggi went up.
And you turned me down flat.
What did you give me?
You gave me something.
I wasn't feeling very well and you gave me something!
What was it?
My handkerchief...
And you even kept it! It was stained with your blood.
Louis, I already told her. This is all a waste of time...
I'm the one who told YOU!
Ask the twin behind
Who was with us?
Who was with us on the wharf?
Cardinal Piaggi, who couldn't stop talking.
Louis, I already told her about our arrival...
I know because I was there!
The cardinal went up, you felt poorly, Louis, and I offered you my handkerchief!
I was there!
What is my job?
You asked me what had become of me since we last met in London, many years ago.
What did I answer?
You told me that you had become an occultist, Louis.
You know that because I told you!
You even told me about your setbacks at Hexham Abbey, remember?
You told me you had become a Detective, Louis.
You only know that because I told you!
You even told me about your exploits with the thieves who tortured their victims.
What were they called again?...
The Chauffeurs d'Orgères, I think...
You told me you had become a Diplomat, Louis.
You know that because I told you!
Remember, you told me about the difficulty you had saving some British compatriots during the revolution.
I was the one who told you that!
Liar! I was there!
What happened to me?
On the wharf, something happened to me. What happened exactly?
You felt unwell, you had a nose bleed.
And I offered you my handkerchief...
I told her all that already...
It was me who told you!
What did you give me?
You handed me something.
I wasn't feeling very well and you handed me something!
What was it?
My handkerchief...
...and you stained it with your blood.
You still have it, as a matter of fact.
But she already knows all this, Louis. It's a waste of time.
Right, let's find something else...
Ah yes, let's speak about my arrival at the manor!
Question the twin in front
Who was already there at the chimney?
When we arrived at the Manor, someone was already present in the Great Hall.
Who was it?
President Washington!
She knows about this part as well, I'm warning you...
Obviously, I told you!
Who stayed with who?
Once at the Manor, Sir Gregory introduced himself to us then we split up into two groups.
What group was I in?
It won't work, Louis. She knows already, I told her.
Shut up! I'm the one who told you!
You stayed with President Washington and myself, near the chimney...
Because he was freezing and wanted to speak to you about your mother.
You left with Sir Gregory and Cardinal Piaggi.
And you ran into Miss Adams.
I told you she knew.
How did Mortimer welcome us?
On the night of our arrival, we were warming ourselves in front of the fire. Mortimer welcomed us in a very odd way.
What happened?
It won't work, Louis.
It wasn't Mortimer who welcomed us...
It was Sir Gregory.
Sorry, Louis, I already told her.
What did we speak about?
Once we arrived, we stayed together warming ourselves in front of the fire in the Great Hall, with President Washington.
That's right.
What did we talk about?
The President and I revealed to you that we were members of the Order.
You even asked Washington how he met your mother, remember?
Pose a question to Emily behind me.
Who was already by the chimney?
When we arrived at the Manor, someone was already present in the Great Hall. Who was it?
George Washington, President of the United States, Louis.
Of course you are able to reply, I'm the one who told you!
Who stayed with who?
Once at the Manor, we split up into two groups.
What group did I choose?
You stayed with me.
Along with President Washington.
And we informed him that we were members of the Order.
You decided to follow Sir Gregory and Cardinal Piaggi into the small salon.
And he ran into Miss Adams.
Of course you know all this! I'm the one who told you about it!
