There's nothing odd about Péru. Mortimer has simply sedated him. There's nothing out of the ordinary about that, so find something else to say!
Take revenge on Péru for Elizabeth
And yourself? You wouldn't be here because of what Péru did to Elizabeth, by any chance?
I...  What? But...  what are you going on about, for crying out loud?
I'm convinced you know exactly what I'm talking about.
You had an affair with Elizabeth, you cared about her and you did not appreciate Péru beating on her.
I...  but...  no, no, not at all, why...
... it's got nothing to do with that!
Right, find a way of getting rid of him, Louis, otherwise he won't leave you alone.
I am persuaded that Mortimer has a secret room somewhere in the manor.
If I'm here, it's obviously because Péru must know where it is.
But you might even know about it...  do you?
Yes
As a matter of fact I do, it's in his study.
What?
Yes, under his desk you'll find a pedal which moves the painting on the wall behind.
You can't miss it, it's the Nightmare.
And have you been inside?
Tell him how to enter
Yes.
You type 1191 into the door mechanism and you're done.
No
No, unfortunately not.
No
I haven't the foggiest idea.
As if by chance!
You are hiding something from me. I don't believe you for a single second!
Try in his study, right?
Look, if Mortimer really has a secret room, you ought to try in his study, don't you think?
Probably, yes.
Anyhow, that's where I would have built one.
Calm him down.
Sir, I'm not here to oppose you.
I urge you to calm down.
It's my first time on this island, and as you can well imagine, no one has ever told me where all the secret rooms are.
And look at Péru, he's virtually foaming at the mouth. You'll get nothing out of him now.
Of course! You know nothing at all, do you. How convenient that is!
I've got my eye on you, de Richet!
Good Outcome
I'm sure you are hiding something from me and I'll soon find out what it is!
We haven't finished our business yet, you and I!
I'll go and see in his study.
But I'm warning you, de Richet. If you're taking me for a ride, I'll make you regret it!
Right, that's one thing out of the way.
Bad Outcome
All right, that's enough, de Richet!
You are wasting my time! Get out of here immediately, I've things to do!
Hang on a moment, I...
Out!
Come on, for Christ's sake, Péru! Wake up!
Louis, do you want something?
Only to pass through
Oh, don't bother yourself for me.
I'm just passing through.
Oh please, feel free.
Right, now it's just the two of us...
I am sure you know his little secrets!
You have been a good doggy all these years, so you must know where he hides his little secrets!
What did he do?
Am I disturbing you perhaps?
Why, not at all.
Now we are on the same side, Louis.
How can I help?
What were you doing with Péru?
Tell me, what were you two doing?
I'm trying to get some sense out of this vegetable but I'm afraid Mortimer's over-sedated him.
He can't even speak.
But I'm not beaten yet, I'm sure he will end up telling me everything he knows and especially where Mortimer's hideout is.
The manor must be riddled with secret rooms and I'm sure that Péru knows some of them.
You wouldn't know of any, would you by any chance?
What's he looking for?
Secret rooms?
What exactly are you looking for?
I am in search of one of the Al Azif keys, but please don't tell anyone.
As you know, the grimoire is composed of seven chapters, each one closed with a key, yes?
Well, I'm sure Mortimer must have hidden his in a safe place somewhere.
Yes, probably.
That's news to me. I wasn't aware that Mortimer even HAD a key for the AL Azif.
Not at all, sorry!
Unfortunately, I can't help you there.
I thought as much.
Never mind, I'll just have to shake him up a bit more.
Of course
Yes, I know of two.
Oh! Really?
Louis, God bless you!
There's one behind the large chimney in the portrait gallery.
And the other one's in Mortimer's study.
Tell me about the one in his study! Would you know how to open it?
Yes
Certainly.
Under his desk you'll find a pedal which moves the painting behind.
You'll see, you can't miss it.
Then you just need to enter 1191 as the code and the door will open.
Ah! Louis, I will never forget what you just did for me.
No
No, and it's not by want of trying.
Unfortunately, I have never been able to get inside.
Never mind, you have already helped me enormously, Louis.
I shall go see for myself.
