You had every possible reason to make the right choice, but you preferred to commit yourself to Mortimer.
Good luck because it's a lost battle.
The subject is closed. Anything else?
Speak to him about Péru's behavior.
What a tragedy about Monsieur Péru.
Are you joking?
That bonehead had it coming to him!
That's a personal remark...
You seem to have taken a personal stance.
Am I wrong?
What do you mean?
How can you say that?
Don't insist
Ever since I found out that footprints incriminating him were found next to Elizabeth's body...
You can be sure that given the opportunity, I would have put a bullet in his mouth myself!
Any news of the Al Azif?
As I was passing by your room, I wondered if you'd made any progress with your search for the Al Azif...
Hmm... Do you remember our little discussion last time, de Richet?
Indeed, I do.
So please go straight to hell and stop wasting my time.
Leave
Excuse me, this is the wrong room.
Come on, for Christ's sake, Péru! Wake up!
Louis, do you want something?
Only to pass through
Oh, don't bother yourself for me.
I'm just passing through.
Oh please, feel free.
Right, now it's just the two of us...
I am sure you know his little secrets!
You have been a good doggy all these years, so you must know where he hides his little secrets!
What did he do?
Am I disturbing you perhaps?
Why, not at all.
Now we are on the same side, Louis.
How can I help?
What were you doing with Péru?
Tell me, what were you two doing?
I'm trying to get some sense out of this vegetable but I'm afraid Mortimer's over-sedated him.
He can't even speak.
But I'm not beaten yet, I'm sure he will end up telling me everything he knows and especially where Mortimer's hideout is.
The manor must be riddled with secret rooms and I'm sure that Péru knows some of them.
You wouldn't know of any, would you by any chance?
What's he looking for?
Secret rooms?
What exactly are you looking for?
I am in search of one of the Al Azif keys, but please don't tell anyone.
As you know, the grimoire is composed of seven chapters, each one closed with a key, yes?
Well, I'm sure Mortimer must have hidden his in a safe place somewhere.
Yes, probably.
That's news to me. I wasn't aware that Mortimer even HAD a key for the AL Azif.
Not at all, sorry!
Unfortunately, I can't help you there.
I thought as much.
Never mind, I'll just have to shake him up a bit more.
Of course
Yes, I know of two.
Oh! Really?
Louis, God bless you!
There's one behind the large chimney in the portrait gallery.
And the other one's in Mortimer's study.
Tell me about the one in his study! Would you know how to open it?
Yes
Certainly.
Under his desk you'll find a pedal which moves the painting behind.
You'll see, you can't miss it.
Then you just need to enter 1191 as the code and the door will open.
Ah! Louis, I will never forget what you just did for me.
No
No, and it's not by want of trying.
Unfortunately, I have never been able to get inside.
Never mind, you have already helped me enormously, Louis.
I shall go see for myself.
Leave them
I won't keep you any longer.
De Richet! What do you want?
Oh great...  he doesn't look inclined to let me pass...
Get rid of him, Louis.
Don't make me repeat myself, de Richet...
What are you here for?
You wouldn't be in cahoots with Péru by any chance, now would you?
Undermine him
Of course I am. We're both French, so it's obvious we're both involved in all the same shady activities.
No, that's not what I meant...
And you know what they say about the French, right...
Don't make me say what I didn't say!
I was only passing through
Absolutely not, I only ask to pass through.
What 's all this palaver about now?
I'm watching you, de Richet! You've been sneaking all over this place for the past two days!
Only the balcony is behind there! So stop your skulduggery and tell me what you're doing here!
And you?
What am I doing here?
I could ask you the same question. This isn't your room, far as I know.
Don't go trying one-upmanship with me!
I...  I have a... very good reason to be here...
Come to see how Péru is
Absolutely not, I only came here to check on Monsieur Péru.
His catatonic state seems to be beyond traditional medicine.
Listen here, de Richet. Don't take me for a pigeon.
