But I do remember picking up the first thing to hand and pretending to be the grieving sister to make you feel sorry for me.
What?...
You bitch! Liar!
What was it again?
A jewel, I think...
You dirty little...
A cameo... it was a cameo.
I made you think it reminded me of my sister's.
In truth I was looking for the Al Azif but I didn't dare tell you.
Shut your trap!
That's enough! I've had enough of this charade!
Louis, there's only one way to tell us apart. There's just one thing I didn't tell her about in detail.
Too bad for you, Emma! I didn't want it to come to this but you leave me no choice!
Ask her about you and I.
You just lost, Emma...
I indeed didn't tell you everything about it.
Come, Louis. Speak about our intimacy.
Very well, let's talk about us!
Ask the twin in front
What did we talk about last night?
When you came to my room last night, what did we talk about?
I beg your pardon?
But...
I didn't go into your room last night.
There you are, the mask is off...
What do you mean?
Sorry, Emma, I didn't tell you everything.
She's right.
You little bitch!
She is manipulating you, Louis...
What was the reason for your visit last night?
Last night, you came to visit me and I can't help wondering why.
Why did you come to my room?
Louis, you must be mistaken. I did not go to your room last night.
And that's where your little game ends, Emma.
Because I never told you about it.
So, there, you can't answer.
Wha...
No, you didn't do that?!
I didn't want you to be jealous of Louis!
Remember how you always used to react whenever you felt you were competing against a man.
You dirty...
That's enough! I've had enough of this charade!
Why spend the night together last night?
Last night, we spent the night together. But beforehand, you insisted on talking about my choices during the conference.
Why?
I beg your pardon?
Louis, I did not go to see you last night...
Wh... Huh?
Now your true identity is exposed.
What did you do?
I didn't tell you everything, little sister.
I never told you about this episode so you know nothing of what happened last night between Louis and me.
You dirty slut...
What did you do?
Ask the twin behind
What did we talk about last night?
Last night, you came to me in my room. What exactly did we talk about?
We spoke briefly about your choices during the conference, Louis.
Wh... What do you mean?
Yes, Emma, it just so happens I didn't tell you everything.
You slu...
I never told you about this part.
I HATE YOU!
Nothing, since you spurned me.
Wh... What do you mean?
Yes, Emma, as it happens, I didn't tell you everything.
You little...
See, Louis, she didn't know that we'd seen each other last night! I never told her about it.
You slut!
Last night, what were you expecting of me?
Last night, when... when you came to my room, what exactly did you expect from me ?
That, sir, is something you would have found out if you had let me stay.
But as you didn't even have a little place in your big cold bed for me, the question will remain unanswered, regretfully.
What?
You do remember that you were quite a cad.
Look, I apologise, but now at least I know who you are.
Exactly what happened.
I was hoping you would share your bed with me.
What?...
Which I did.
And it was delicious, sir.
What do you mean, it was delicious?
You little slut! What did you do?
Believe it or not, Louis, out of fear of her jealousy, I didn't tell Emma that we spent last night together.
I HATE YOU!
What did you do last night?
Describe last night, please.
Louis, it's embarrassing. You know full well what I did last night.
I want to hear you say it.
We spent it together, of course.
What?
I came to your room after the conference and excuse me if I don't go into the details but I was mightily impressed.
What did you do?
Look how you are reacting, Emma! It's not surprising I didn't tell you about my night with Louis.
You slut!
Oh, it was hardly my finest hour, now you're embarrassing me.
I'm sorry but I need to know.
I came to see you to spend the rest of the night with you but you were tired and preferred to decline my invitation.
What did you do?
