I found a service key last time...  let's see... 
Search the chest of drawers
The key's gone...  Emily must still have it with her.
Move away
I found a service key last time...  let's see... 
Search the chest of drawers
The key's gone...  Emily must still have it with her.
Move away
Louis! At last, there you are!
Mother, wait, I...
Come, we have to be quick...
No, wait, Mother, I...
Time is running out, Louis, first we must...
... No!
That's enough!
I won't go a step further unless you explain to me what is going on here!...
I'm begging you...  talk to me...
You must trust me, my son.
You are not ready yet...
You are the one who should trust me.
Tell me what's happening.
You would never believe me.
I came all the way here for you. Now I've found you.
I'm ready, Mother
If only...
Louis, I have always taught you to keep your mind open and rational.
I know you are going to find it hard to believe but what I am going to reveal to you is entirely true.
Many years ago, I found out that Demons really do live among us...
I beg your pardon.
...and that they can influence our thoughts.
Mother, listen to yourself...
I know you're exhausted but, for crying out loud, listen to what you're saying!
Demons? What next?
A ancient monster with a head like an octopus?
What do your Demons look like? Have they got horns and a pointed tail?
No, these are not creatures with billy-goat's legs! Forget your Christian folklore!
Imagine them more as parasitic spirits...
They possess their hosts and direct them from inside...
Parasitic spirits?
Yes...  they are capable of going from one body to another, as they see fit.
And two of them are present on this island.
Right...  So let me guess:
Mortimer and Holm?
Lord Mortimer and Sir Gregory, right?
You felt it too?
No, even if Holm does look the part...
But I don't know who else could do it, given that we're on their territory?
Washington and Bonaparte?
President Washington and Monsieur Bonaparte.
No, why?
At least, I don't think so.
Yet Washington is old enough to be one.
Wöllner and Godoy?
Don't tell me, it isn't Wöllner and Duke Manuel, is it?
Don't talk nonsense!
Both of those poor souls are mere pawns in the hands of the real players.
I was answering at random, Mother.
The boogeyman and Father Christmas?
I'd put my money on The Bogeyman and Father Christmas!
Do you really believe that I'm joking here?
Many years ago, well before you were born, I crossed paths with one of them.
Since then I've spent my life trying to find it again...
When we recovered the Al Azif, I was persuaded that von Borchert was working for this Demon in one way or another.
But I thought he would hand the Book to a middleman during this conference.
That's where I made an error, an error that could well turn out to be fatal.
The one who Borchert was meant to give the Book to was none other than the Demon in person, Mortimer.
Not to mention that Holm had sent Wöllner to get it for him.
Holm and Mortimer are Demons?
They both seemed to disagree about many things, but I'll admit I never knew exactly why.
There are many of them, Louis. Not just those two.
Mother, have you any proof to support any of this?
Of course.
But you do, too...
You had everything laid out in front of you. Didn't you notice anything?
Yes, in fact
Property deeds
Well, those property deeds across the world, all signed by the same hand, and over several centuries...
I am proud of you, Louis.
I found your notes written in lemon juice.
"Where all eyes size you up... "
At one stage, I was so afraid of losing my mind that I noted everything down.
Congratulations, Louis!
Wait, please tell me you didn't open Pandora's box!
The urn?
Yes, I did, why?...
Too bad, we'll deal with it later...
No, I didn't, why?...
Good! We'll deal with it later...
His family tree
I came across his family tree, in his study.
An only son...
Since the Third Crusade.
The fall of Saint John of Acre, Louis!
The fall of Saint John of Acre!
His secret study
I went beyond the nightmare, Mother.
You understood the masonic date.
1 - 1 - 9 - 1
Of course! It was during that siege that the Demon took possession of Sir Mortimer.
They spent a whole night in conversation until the early hours of the morning. Mortimer had passed the test...
