He had charmed the Demon and so it chose him to be its host for centuries to come.
But tell me, did you find his secret study?
I did, indeed!
Did you see his maps of the world?
He has contacts the world over.
Yes...  I've been developing the Golden Order across the world for many years.
And I've never seen anyone with such influence...
It's simply inhuman!
The fact that no one knows him
I must admit I found it difficult to understand how and why Mortimer didn't have a place in History,
On the continent, Mortimer and Holm are mere dandies who organize society balls.
History forgets them with a disconcerting facility. No one speaks about them and yet they whisper in the ears of Kings and Presidents.
The conference?
You mean the conference?
How can you explain that someone manages to bring together so many important figures without anyone knowing?
And without any security or personnel...
That's all, I think
Louis, I am proud of you!
You came all this way, you've found me...  you have surpassed me!
You taught me everything I know.
Right, how did it all begin?
I think that that's all I've found out.
You are not even close...
Don't listen to her mad talk!
Mother, I shan't follow you down that path.
I wouldn't be doing you any favors.
Rational and open, Louis...
Tell me, then, how can anyone own properties all over the world for centuries always having signed documents with the same signature?
Well, I can find ten other explanations less eccentric than demonic possession, Mother...
How come the Mortimers have had only one male heir for each generation since the Third Crusade?
Forgery, family rites where they get rid of the daughter, there are dozens of less extravagant possibilities!
How could one man motivate so many future leading figures of the day on his silly island without anyone finding out about it?
Even the Golden Order isn't capable of that!
Well, he's simply better than us, and he's welcome to it!
You refuse to open your eyes, Louis!
You've lost your objectivity, Mother!
I saw him!
Wh...  What do you mean, you saw him?
I was twenty years old. I was young and carefree. I traveled the world in search of adventure.
In the Persian Golf, we came across an ancient grimoire that became unlocked.
Composed of seven parts, each one was a book in itself, set in a sort of metal armor that structured the whole thing.
When all the volumes were brought together, they formed a single book...
On my return to Paris, I set to studying these pages. I spent all my days and nights studying them.
Oh, I can imagine you doing that...
But the writing was in a language I had never seen before, developed well before Sumerian, in my opinion.
So I got the idea to form a small occult circle, composed of all the major names in the Occult world, to see if anyone else could crack it.
And you found no one...
And I found someone, Louis.
I found him. Or rather, he found me.
He was young, charismatic, he was flamboyant!
Mortimer?
You mean Mortimer?
Holm?
Sir Gregory?
No, Mortimer, of course.
Von Borchert?
Wait a minute, who are you talking about? Von Borchert?
No, no, Mortimer, of course.
He was a veritable mine of knowledge.
I showed him the Book and he was able to decipher a few passages.
We spent several months together studying the pages.
Let her continue
But how old was he?
He was already old in those days, wasn't he?
So you recognized him when you arrived on the island, right?
No, he wasn't in that body.
But I know it was him!
I swear it was him. The way he spoke, his posture, a few of his intonations, his mannerisms.
Wait a minute, you were talking about sixty years ago. I've lost the thread...
Yes, sorry.
He helped me understand certain passages until I realized that he only translated a few parts for me.
But I had aroused his interest. It was too late.
How so?
I mean to say he manipulated me, he used me and in the end he stole the Book with all its secrets.
Did he ever go to your place?
Not once...  at least I don't think so.
But before disappearing he proposed a pact between us.
He proposed that I follow him and let him teach me, allow him to bring me up.
Shit, she caved!
And you accepted...
Please, don't be stupid,
No! She must have refused!
And you refused of course!
Why, naturally, Louis.
You don't make deals with the devil.
After that, I spent my whole life looking for him.
Three years later, in Berlin, I just missed him.
In London, I lost six members of the Order in a chase.
In 1741, in Tunisia, I found a sect of fanatics who had crossed paths with him once.
1741, in Poland, 1749, in India!
Eight years ago, in Venice?
We agreed never to speak about what happened in Venice, Louis.
Don't insist
Insist
YOU agreed! And that was before you spoke to me about demons!
Wait, the baby we delivered, you and me, that night, in Venice, did he have anything to do with Lord Mortimer?
The child was his son.
We stole his son? Are you insane!!!
I always thought we took him to save him!
That was the case! It was precisely to save him from his father!
