He remained evasive but I think his work had become too much of a burden for him... 
I certainly overestimated his strength... 
What do you mean by that?
Over time, his duties as a judge must have hugely weakened him... 
As he said so himself.
Indeed... 
He told me to beware of you, my Lord
He told me he had the same feelings of remorse as those he mentioned before...  his act... 
And he warned me against you and your influence.
Against me?
Why is that? I did everything within my power to promote him, I helped him, funded him, supported him... 
I always believed in him... 
He blames you for leading him in a direction he now regrets.
Blaming me for that is to duck his own responsibility!
What you tell me is terribly unjust, Louis.
He was not a child.
Did he say I forced him?
No... 
Is it your fault, Mortimer?
I know this has nothing to do with me, my Lord.
But don't you think you're partly to blame?
It won't escape your attention that he incriminated you before he took his own life... 
I heard what he said, yes.
Monsieur Péru appeared to blame me for his condition.
I certainly encouraged him to succeed, but I wasn't aware he couldn't handle the pressures of the situation.
Of course, his duties in Paris were very difficult.
The choices he had to make were burdensome, but that was the path he had chosen.
Should I not have helped him to succeed perhaps?
You heard him yourself... 
His duties as judge got the better of him.
Did you push him into it?
I wouldn't say "push", but I did encourage him, yes.
I thought it was my duty to help him as much as I could, to become the court judge he dreamed of being.
I thought he was capable of it.
It appears I was mistaken, unfortunately.
What a pity he didn't come and speak to me.
He did.
What do you mean?
He went to talk to you in your study, the day before yesterday.
Unfortunately, you weren't there.
I was not informed of this.
What a waste... 
What are your plans now?
What do you mean?
For the conference.
After the disappearances of both Elizabeth Adams and my mother...  And now the death of Monsieur Péru.
I should imagine that your guests are all packing their bags.
This might come as a bit of a shock to you... 
Perhaps because it was so difficult to bring all these figures together, but I am convinced that none of them is preparing to leave.
What do you mean?
Are you serious?
They are all very experienced politicians... 
And though they are of course affected by the situation, they know full well that such an opportunity will not come again for a long long time, if ever!
They each represent their nation and know full well that what is at stake here is far greater than the death of poor Monsieur Péru.
You'll see, I am confidant that they will all be ready to resume the conference.
But that is immoral!
And you endorse that?
For god's sake, that's totally immoral!
Morality and politics don't go well together, my boy.
Like water and oil, they cannot mix.
By definition, politics is not immoral as much as it is amoral.
It must not take into account any morality that would constitute a hindrance. Otherwise it could not be free to make tough decisions.
Do you realize what you just said?
It's a question of duty, Louis.
Look, morality evolves over time, and differs depending on the habits and customs of each country. It must not be a criterion.
What we are doing here, Louis, will change the very face of the World.
I'm not saying it's easy, but it is our duty.
The future is in motion and nothing must stop it.
If you say so... 
Allow me to take my leave, please.
Of course.
You ought to get some rest... 
We thought that bastard Péru had taken you out as well.
Me too?
What do you mean by "me as well"?
Péru is the one who assassinated Miss Adams.
We found his footprint at the scene of the crime.
What do you mean?
What? He's the one who shot at me?
Yes, indeed. At point blank range!
It's a miracle you survived.
The scoundrel tried to pass your murder off as the result of your meeting with Lord Mortimer and Sir Gregory.
It seemed like things hadn't gone very well for you...So, that sly fox tried to make Mortimer believe that he thought the sentence was death anyway.
Thankfully, Mortimer is not an easy man to fool.
Elizabeth, she...
It's... it's over, Louis.
Get your strength back...
Has my mother reappeared?
Alas, no... I'm sorry.
But I've been doing a little investigating while you were recovering...
What do you mean?
Say nothing
I've found out that your mother kept in touch with Emily's twin sister, Emma, who was on the island before we arrived.
Between them, they have hidden a book on the island...
Emily and her... her sister were twins?...
Yes, they share the same identity, very handy for a spy.
But keep it to yourself, it's their most closely guarded secret and for Emily it's no joking matter.
Well, Emily must have been pleased to be with her sister, though.
Unfortunately not.
I hadn't finished.
