Of course, Louis. You broke into my room.
That doesn't prove a thing, I was the one who told you that!
Did we speak?
Before going to bed, I went for a stroll.
Did we speak to each other during that stroll?
You must be mistaken. After going up to bed, I went straight to sleep.
A stroll?
Through my room in the middle of the night. You call that a stroll, Louis?
No, I grant you that, I just wanted to make sure.
What did we say to each other at that precise moment in time?
I asked you what you were doing there, what you were playing at on the balcony and if it was anything to do with the Golden Order.
And then?
Then I suggested you first ask permission the next time you wanted to go through my room.
I threw you out!
But she knows all that, Louis, I already told her.
Ask her if I watched her sleep.
Before going to bed, I went through your room.
Do you remember?
How can I forget?
Of course, I told you!
For reasons that only concern yourself, you found it appropriate to stop and watch me sleeping in a state of undress.
I hope the show was worth it.
And I rid you of the desire to renew the experience when, on your way back, I met you with a blade to your throat.
"Never without first being invited."
I already told her, Louis...
What did I take from you?
Finally, I went back through your room before turning in for the night and borrowed something from you.
What did I take from you?
Borrowed?
You are joking! You wanted to steal my origami piece.
MY origami piece!
But I rid you of the desire to do it again.
About the Mars case! You know very well that I still have that message from the killer, which goes to show how much the case obsessed me!
Don't think you're going to get away with this deception so easily!
I can assure you you're going to regret pretending to be me once Louis has exposed you!
Right, I don't think I'll get very far like this....
I have to find something better...
Oh I don't think I'll even wait until he's finished!
Take it easy now!
Are you mad, Louis?
Lower your arm!
I'd better act quickly if I don't want things to get out of hand...
Come on, she's putting one over on you!
Look at yourself, for crying out loud! You are prepared to shoot me down!
In the secret room, behind the study!
Talk to them about what you've been doing, maybe they haven't spoken about it between each other yet...
On the night of the disappearance of Elizabeth Adams!...
What about it?...
What do you want to know about that night?
Ask the one in front.
How did she get past the gorgon?
How did you vanquish the medusa?
The gorgon always attacks the best protected.
The sword kills the monster, the monster charges the shield, the shield reflects the light and the lantern perturbs the monster.
I didn't need more than two minutes to solve that enigma.
That's right! Make fun of us!
Where were we both?
Before going to bed, we found ourselves in an odd situation...
You surprised me searching through Mortimer's secret gallery!
Behind the chimney. You were looking for clues about your mother.
Make her talk about the objects you found
We found ourselves in Mortimer's secret gallery.
What did we find in that room?
A load of old junk that Mortimer had collected.
A so-called Pandora's box in the form of an urn, an old sheep skin that he must take for the golden fleece...
The Bible of Judas, property deeds as old as the hills, and a broken old sword...
You are wasting your time, Louis, she already knows all that...
Of course I do, I was there!
What did she think she found behind the chimney?
That night, we were in Mortimer's private gallery.
In that gallery, something moved you.
What was it?
A cameo...
Why?
You know very well why!
I want you to tell me...
Why did the cameo move you?
Because I thought it was my sister's!
I was worried sick that something had happened to her and I was running through the manor looking for the bitch when...
Stop lying, Emma!
You know full well the real reason I was there was because of the Al Azif.
Liar! I was there!
I haven't even got a cameo!
What did she think you had found behind the chimney?
That night, we were in Mortimer's private gallery.
In that gallery, something moved you.
What was it?
A cameo...
Why?
You know very well why!
I want you to tell me...
Why did the cameo move you?
Because I thought it was my sister's!
I was worried sick that something had happened to her and I was running through the manor looking for the bitch when...
Stop lying, Emma!
You know full well the reason why I was there was because of the Al Azif.
Liar!
I haven't even got a cameo!
Ask the the twin behind
How did you get past the gorgon?
