You still have it, as a matter of fact.
But she already knows all this, Louis. It's a waste of time.
Right, let's find something else...
Ah yes, let's speak about my arrival at the manor!
Question the twin in front
Who was already there at the chimney?
When we arrived at the Manor, someone was already present in the Great Hall.
Who was it?
President Washington!
She knows about this part as well, I'm warning you...
Obviously, I told you!
Who stayed with who?
Once at the Manor, Sir Gregory introduced himself to us then we split up into two groups.
What group was I in?
It won't work, Louis. She knows already, I told her.
Shut up! I'm the one who told you!
You stayed with President Washington and myself, near the chimney...
Because he was freezing and wanted to speak to you about your mother.
You left with Sir Gregory and Cardinal Piaggi.
And you ran into Miss Adams.
I told you she knew.
How did Mortimer welcome us?
On the night of our arrival, we were warming ourselves in front of the fire. Mortimer welcomed us in a very odd way.
What happened?
It won't work, Louis.
It wasn't Mortimer who welcomed us...
It was Sir Gregory.
Sorry, Louis, I already told her.
What did we speak about?
Once we arrived, we stayed together warming ourselves in front of the fire in the Great Hall, with President Washington.
That's right.
What did we talk about?
The President and I revealed to you that we were members of the Order.
You even asked Washington how he met your mother, remember?
Pose a question to Emily behind me.
Who was already by the chimney?
When we arrived at the Manor, someone was already present in the Great Hall. Who was it?
George Washington, President of the United States, Louis.
Of course you are able to reply, I'm the one who told you!
Who stayed with who?
Once at the Manor, we split up into two groups.
What group did I choose?
You stayed with me.
Along with President Washington.
And we informed him that we were members of the Order.
You decided to follow Sir Gregory and Cardinal Piaggi into the small salon.
And he ran into Miss Adams.
Of course you know all this! I'm the one who told you about it!
How did Mortimer welcome us?
On the night of our arrival, we were warming ourselves in front of the fire. Mortimer welcomed us in a certain way.
What happened exactly?
Well played, Louis, unfortunately, I'm not the one you should have asked that question to.
Mortimer did not welcome us.
It was Sir Gregory who welcomed us that night.
Mortimer didn't show up until two days later! I know that as well!
What did we speak about?
Once we'd arrived, we stayed together warming ourselves in front of the fire in the Great Hall, with President Washington.
What did we talk about?
We spoke about your mother.
The President revealed our membership of the Order to you, and that we had everything to gain by trusting one another, Louis.
You remember?
Very well...
Let's try something else...
On the first night... we went up to bed. But I wasn't tired, I went for a little stroll...
Speak to the twin in front
Did we see each other?
Do you remember if we saw each other that night or not?
Not at all.
Of course, how could I forget?
In my room, in fact!
In MY room!
You wanted to spy on Bonaparte's room from the balcony and thought it a great idea to go through mine.
I am sorry for putting that knife to your throat, by the way. I hope I didn't leave any marks.
Did we speak to each other?
Did we get a chance to speak?
Certainly not. I was exhausted and went to bed.
Indeed, we did! Even with a knife at your throat!
And for good reason! You had no business being in my room!
In MY room!
What did you ask me?
The reason why you were in my room, of course.
I asked you if it had anything to do with the Order!
Stop there!
And I advised you to ask for permission next time you wanted to go through my room to spy on Bonaparte.
And I threw you out without ceremony!
Was there anything you reproached me for?
We ran into each other a little later.
The situation in which we talked made you reproach me for something.
What was it?
I did not appreciate you entering my room uninvited.
I would have rather you had come for a different reason than to spy on the room next door...
What did I take from you?
During the night, I had the opportunity of entering your room.
For some reason, I...I couldn't help taking something from you...
An origami...
An origami bird!
Speak to the twin behind.
Did we see each other?
Do you remember if we saw each other that night or not?
No, not after going up to bed.
