Need I remind you the mother died during childbirth?
What became of the child?
Later!
For the moment, that is not the key issue here.
Once we found the Al Azif in Paris, I followed von Borchert's trail here...
I didn't think it would lead me straight to the Demon, it was careless of me.
He toyed with me for a few days...  Until I caught on. Until I saw him as he was.
But he had no intention of letting me leave.
We are all his pawns, Louis, and if we don't want to spend the rest of our lives turning round in circles here, we must absolutely get off this island.
Alright, can we move on?
Wait a minute, one last thing.
What happened with Elizabeth?
I want to know want happened with Elizabeth Adams.
Louis, we haven't time for those details!
Very well
You're probably right...
I must know
I'm sorry, Mother, but I want to know.
She was one of the receptacles for these monsters.
I met her parents when she was born. One of the demons got inside her.
The Demon used her to spy on her father, John Adams. He is one of the Founding Fathers and vice president of the United States, you know.
Mortimer possessed her?
No, I don't think it was Mortimer...
Her father, John Adams, hired me to tend to her but the evil in her was too deep.
In spite of the various treatments I tried on her, I never succeeded in getting it out of her.
It's not something I'm proud of, Louis, but I had to try everything.
Who killed her?
Do you know who killed her?
Absolutely not.
Did you kill her?
Mother, did you kill her?
Of course not! Don't be stupid!
I had no interest in getting rid of her.
What happened with Emma?
I want to know what happened between you and Emily's sister!
Great responsibility often brings difficult choices, Louis.
That's all you need to know.
Alright then, we'll see later
Alright, but you're not getting away with it so lightly...
Once we get back to Paris, be sure I won't be letting it go!
We'll see in Paris then.
Tell me everything!
Mother, I won't take a step further if you don't answer me.
You dare blackmail me?
I'm listening.
Alright! I used her! So there you are! Happy now?
We had the Al Azif and I didn't think we would be able to escape with it.
In order to ensure that the Book did not fall into their hands, or that one of them couldn't read in us where we had hidden it, I asked Emily to...
It's Emma!
Yes, or rather for me it was Emily...
So I asked Emma to hide it without anyone seeing, and then I disposed of her.
I am sorry for her but she was part of the Golden Order, Louis. She knew the rules when she joined.
Did you negotiate the Al Azif with Wöllner?
What did you negotiate about the AL Azif with Wöllner?
Absolutely nothing. I managed to pull the wool over his eyes until I found a way to flee.
Why the cannons for Bonaparte?
What was going on with the cannons in Tuscany?
It was nothing.
Drop it
We are talking about a war!
Since when does the Order finance wars?
The cannons for that Bonaparte fellow?
Listen, once in the lion's den, I did whatever I could to appear legitimate...
So, yes, I pretended to be interested in Mortimer's project about a young military man who was seeking funding for a foundry in Tuscany...
Between you and me, if buying China would have enabled me to escape, I would have signed without hesitation.
Others
I found your letter on the wharf
Samuel Riter Dauchois.
You wanted to send me a letter about Godoy.
I wanted you to run a check on Duke Manuel.
But frankly, it doesn't really matter anymore now.
Godoy is just a pawn like the others. He is not the one I was looking for.
Why did you hide your effects on the wharf?
You know, I found your package under a wharf plank.
As a matter of fact I needed it yesterday. I wasn't expecting anyone to take it.
Thanks for not touching it.
Piaggi's letter
On the evening of my arrival, Cardinal Piaggi came looking for you. He was determined to give you a letter.
More of his lists!
Louis, I think I know what's in that letter and I beseech you to believe that it is the least of our worries.
We can sort that out later.
Your hand
Are you gonna tell me what happened to your hand?
Better than that! I shall show you.
Go back
Go on, it's alright
Good, I think that's about right.
We shall speak about it once we get back to France.
Great actions for humanity have been decided by Demons for centuries, Louis.
They are playing with our destiny. We are their slaves.
And it's time for it to stop!
By the way, what was Mortimer's project at this conference?
He wants the United States to occupy all the north American territory.
France should recover Louisiana and give it to the United States.
In that case, the Americans would just have to push west to chase the Spanish from the continent once and for all.
And as Mortimer controls Washington, you may just as well say that it will put him at the head of a world superpower.
He demands that the Spanish hand over Louisiana to France.
Oh, knowing him, it won't stop there.
But I don't really know. I couldn't attend because of my injuries.
Too bad.
