How did Mortimer welcome us?
On the night of our arrival, we were warming ourselves in front of the fire. Mortimer welcomed us in a certain way.
What happened exactly?
Well played, Louis, unfortunately, I'm not the one you should have asked that question to.
Mortimer did not welcome us.
It was Sir Gregory who welcomed us that night.
Mortimer didn't show up until two days later! I know that as well!
What did we speak about?
Once we'd arrived, we stayed together warming ourselves in front of the fire in the Great Hall, with President Washington.
What did we talk about?
We spoke about your mother.
The President revealed our membership of the Order to you, and that we had everything to gain by trusting one another, Louis.
You remember?
Very well...
Let's try something else...
On the first night... we went up to bed. But I wasn't tired, I went for a little stroll...
Speak to the twin in front
Did we see each other?
Do you remember if we saw each other that night or not?
Not at all.
Of course, how could I forget?
In my room, in fact!
In MY room!
You wanted to spy on Bonaparte's room from the balcony and thought it a great idea to go through mine.
I am sorry for putting that knife to your throat, by the way. I hope I didn't leave any marks.
Did we speak to each other?
Did we get a chance to speak?
Certainly not. I was exhausted and went to bed.
Indeed, we did! Even with a knife at your throat!
And for good reason! You had no business being in my room!
In MY room!
What did you ask me?
The reason why you were in my room, of course.
I asked you if it had anything to do with the Order!
Stop there!
And I advised you to ask for permission next time you wanted to go through my room to spy on Bonaparte.
And I threw you out without ceremony!
Was there anything you reproached me for?
We ran into each other a little later.
The situation in which we talked made you reproach me for something.
What was it?
I did not appreciate you entering my room uninvited.
I would have rather you had come for a different reason than to spy on the room next door...
What did I take from you?
During the night, I had the opportunity of entering your room.
For some reason, I...I couldn't help taking something from you...
An origami...
An origami bird!
Speak to the twin behind.
Did we see each other?
Do you remember if we saw each other that night or not?
No, not after going up to bed.
Of course, Louis. You broke into my room.
That doesn't prove a thing, I was the one who told you that!
Did we speak?
Before going to bed, I went for a stroll.
Did we speak to each other during that stroll?
You must be mistaken. After going up to bed, I went straight to sleep.
A stroll?
Through my room in the middle of the night. You call that a stroll, Louis?
No, I grant you that, I just wanted to make sure.
What did we say to each other at that precise moment in time?
I asked you what you were doing there, what you were playing at on the balcony and if it was anything to do with the Golden Order.
And then?
Then I suggested you first ask permission the next time you wanted to go through my room.
I threw you out!
But she knows all that, Louis, I already told her.
Ask her if I watched her sleep.
Before going to bed, I went through your room.
Do you remember?
How can I forget?
Of course, I told you!
For reasons that only concern yourself, you found it appropriate to stop and watch me sleeping in a state of undress.
I hope the show was worth it.
And I rid you of the desire to renew the experience when, on your way back, I met you with a blade to your throat.
"Never without first being invited."
I already told her, Louis...
What did I take from you?
Finally, I went back through your room before turning in for the night and borrowed something from you.
What did I take from you?
Borrowed?
You are joking! You wanted to steal my origami piece.
MY origami piece!
But I rid you of the desire to do it again.
About the Mars case! You know very well that I still have that message from the killer, which goes to show how much the case obsessed me!
Don't think you're going to get away with this deception so easily!
I can assure you you're going to regret pretending to be me once Louis has exposed you!
Right, I don't think I'll get very far like this....
I have to find something better...
Oh I don't think I'll even wait until he's finished!
Take it easy now!
Are you mad, Louis?
Lower your arm!
I'd better act quickly if I don't want things to get out of hand...
Come on, she's putting one over on you!
Look at yourself, for crying out loud! You are prepared to shoot me down!
In the secret room, behind the study!
Talk to them about what you've been doing, maybe they haven't spoken about it between each other yet...
On the night of the disappearance of Elizabeth Adams!...
What about it?...
