Duchesse Hillsborrow?
How did my mother and Duchess Hillsborrow get on?
Oh very well, I believe.
They spent a lot of time together. Without wanting to exaggerate, I rather got the impression that Emily reminded your mother of herself when she was young.
Was she wary of Gregory Holm?
It seems you're close friends, what...  what can you tell me about Sir Gregory?
Gregory? Oh, he's one of those cantankerous old men who hates losing at chess, he's a little eccentric, and rather conservative. I'm sure you've met the type.
Oh, actually, I don't judge people on how they look...
And you do well not to. What with his manner of continuing to wear makeup as he does, Gregory often gives off an unhealthy image.
He's an eccentric old man, a little stubborn, but what can you expect? He isn't going to change now, not at his age.
Was she wary of Wollner?
And what about Mr von Wöllner, do you know him well?
To be honest, not really. He's closer to Gregory. I'm not the one who invited him.
I know his reputation.
It is my understanding that he managed to form alliances with the right people at the right time.
Yes, apparently so.
It is my understanding that he didn't really get on with the previous prussian monarch, Frederick II, the father of the current King..
But he was clever enough to position himself with his son, the current King of Prussia, Frederick William.
Let Mortimer speak.
What I know of him is what they say in high society's salons. He's a man who manages to form alliances with the right people when it's necessary.
As a minister of the church, he actively repressed the religions of the Book and the spirit of the Enlightenment.
And if I'm not mistaken, he has a passion for alchemy.
But then, I must admit he is rather evasive and not very talkative, at least toward me.
I'd like to have a word with him, if I get the chance. He might be able to tell me more about my mother's last days with you.
Was she wary of Mortimer?
My Lord, I'm obliged to ask this question but please don' t take offense to it.
Ah, you wonder if Sarah was wary of me?
...
It just so happens that I've been asking myself the very same question. Because I can't explain why Sarah didn't come to see me, knowing how influential I am.
But to your point, I can't imagine she would be. Although I am obviously not the best person to answer that question.
Thank you.
I...  I had to ask.
Adams was here as well.
You forget Elizabeth Adams, my Lord.
That's true, but Gregory and I arranged it so that they wouldn't run into each other. I...  I thought it had worked.
Do you think that your mother felt she was in danger because of Elizabeth?
It's possible.
She might have discovered something.
Maybe she found something out?
What do you mean?
My mother has a gift for investigating.
If she had picked up a lead, nothing would have stopped her...
Maybe she's lost her mind.
I'd like to find a logical answer but I just can't see anything.
Apart from the fact that she might have lost her mind.
Since I came here, I've ceased to understand her. That, plus what I've found out about her past, and I'm left with the bitter feeling that I never really knew her.
I can understand you beginning to feel that way, after these past two days...
But I'm sure all will become clear once your mother reappears.
The only thing I can tell you is that Sarah had indeed changed.
At the beginning of her stay here, we enjoyed spending time together, solving the world's problems.
Enough about her, what of her disappearance?
Tell me...  tell me about her disappearance.
What did you speak about together?
You seem to know my mother very well, my Lord.
What did you talk about together?
Oh, as soon as we had a little free time, we liked to share points of view about practically any subject.
We would find ourselves embarked on interminable discussions that could go from Monsieur Blanchard's flight in a hot-air balloon to the treaty of Jassy...
Or the adoption of the metric system in France last year, or even Mr Eli Whitney's invention in the United States.
Whitney's cotton gin.
Ah, yes, his famous cotton gin.
It was supposed to revolutionize cotton production in the United States.
It will revolutionize the world, Louis.
The potential of this invention is much greater.
Tomorrow, all industries will be switching to simple but large-scale production, of that I'm sure!
The Treaty of Jassy.
The armistice between the Russians and the Turks.
Russia has come out of it having officially won Crimea, which gives it direct access to the Black Sea...
And at the same, the Mediterranean Sea.
I'm worried about the decisions Tsarina Catherine might decide to take.
She's a woman who managed to get rid of her husband to accede to the upper reaches of power...
Gaining access to the Mediterranean Sea remains her main objective.
When she still had that dear Potemkin as her lover, I could always find out about her intentions, but those days are over.
Grigory Potemkin?
You are speaking of Grigory Aleksandrovich Potemkin?
The very man: the little devil behind the Mother of all Russians.
Since his death, I know absolutely nothing of what the Tsarina is up to.
Oh, really?
Ah...  yes. I didn't meant to shock you, please forgive me.
Let's just say that in my position, it is often advantageous to know about the habits and customs of world leaders.
Who are they?
Please excuse me but I'm not very familiar with the Russian nobility.
Fascinating
My mother must have undoubtedly taken great pleasure in these exchanges, she always was one to appreciate broadening her knowledge.
I'm surprised that she didn't get you started on the crusades, it was her favorite subject.
Are you joking?
Sarah and I spent entire days together reliving them.
It so happens that the crusades are also my subject of predilection, especially the third.
My ancestor distinguished himself brilliantly during the siege of Saint Jean d'Acre.
The famous papal bull of Pope Gregory VIII.
Mother lulled my childhood with tales of the crusades.
How Richard the Lionheart and Philip Augustus had to battle it out to achieve their ends...
And how Guy de Lusignan, having broken his word, launched the siege of Saint Jean d'Acre.
I see Sarah's lessons have inspired new enthusiasts.
Good on you, because not everyone can claim they know as much at your age.
I know nothing of the crusades.
Unfortunately, my Lord, the crusades are not my chosen field.
Well, it doesn't matter. You have plenty of time to learn.
Your mother is a very well-read woman.
You're quite lucky to have her as a model, Louis.
Yes, I know...  but I'm still very worried.
