That makes sense.
But, thinking about it, it also makes your mother the ideal suspect... 
And since us suspecting you is not the best form of defence, do you want to try again?
I don't know.
Look, frankly, it's beyond me. I just don't know.
Monsieur de Richet...  don't you think it would be in your interest to help us find another suspect?
Washington
Maybe Mr Washington... 
But of course, and what would his motive be?
I believe he thought Elizabeth was stillborn.
Washington could have been trying to protect the secret of his vice president, Elizabeth's father... 
Sorry Louis, but it so happens that Mr Washington spent most of the time with Duchess Hillsborrow. She confirmed it.
Thank you for these elements.
Good outcome
I would like to thank you for helping us shed light on what happened last night.
To be honest, you are not the only suspect.
I'm prepared to believe you were drugged, our poor Elizabeth hid the stuff everywhere and I could smell laudanum on you three yards away.
So you knew it wasn't me from the start!
We weren't sure.
Louis, I am sorry but everything points in the same direction.
I only know one person on this island who might have had a big enough grudge against Elizabeth, who has no alibi, and whose behaviour is, well, suspect... 
who has no alibi and who behaves suspiciously... if not dangerously
Tell me what happened before my arrival, I think I've been patient enough.
Bad outcome
Let's finish this William.
I don't rightly know how we can give the benefit of the doubt to an individual who can manipulate the truth to absurdity!
Louis, unfortunately you haven't managed to convince us. You will agree that you had the time and the motive to commit the murder.
I...  I am devastated but I must agree with Gregory, and declare you guilty.
Gentlemen, if you please... 
Wait! There is something else... 
Go on, this is the time to talk.
Elizabeth ended up telling me why my mother had tried to treat her.
The voices in her head, is that it?
She spoke to you about them too, didn't she?
Gentlemen, I'm not a doctor but she was persuaded she heard voices...  in her head.
You don't think she might have killed herself, do you?
By stabbing herself nine times? I find that extremly unlikely, don't you?
What?...  stabbed nine times?
It appears that the murderer walked up and stabbed her several times form behind.
We counted nine gashes in all. All of them were relatively shallow and they were all given from roughly the same angle of attack.
Traces of blood appear to prove that she was standing throughout the attack.
Shallow slashes?
I might not have the strength of Hercules, but... 
If I had stabbed a woman, I'd probably have made deeper cuts.
Look at me, my clothes aren't even stained. How do you think I could have stabbed her without getting a single drop of blood on me?
I haven't changed clothes, search the manor, you'll find nothing of mine covered in blood. I didn't do it!
Sounds plausible.
You have no proof against me!
If that's all the proof you have before dispensing justice, then you'll have innocent blood on your hands.
There's no proof I...  I could have committed the murder.
You do know, Sir, that the first impression is often the right one.
We found you near dear Elizabeth's body. What could be simpler?
I have to admit, you put forward a powerful argument, Monsieur de Richet.
I think that will be all, Gregory...  the benefit of the doubt suffices.
Louis, I shan't hide the fact that this tragedy puts me in a very delicate situation.
I cannot risk upsetting the smooth operation of our next conference.
But the case cannot remain unaddressed
What does he intend to do?
I understand. What do you intend to do?
Let him finish
I must reassure my guests and Justice will be done.
And for that to happen, I must ask for your help.
Why is that?
You met Elizabeth. You spoke together, I believe. She trusted you.
Listen, Louis. Find out who could have committed this murder. I refuse to believe that one of my guests is the murderer.
I want to know who is responsible for this and I trust you.
You have my backing. You must stop at nothing. Can I count on you?
Of course. How would you like me to proceed?
Start by searching the poor woman's room.
Maybe you can start by going to the scene of the crime. Elizabeth was attacked in her room.
Are there any suspects?
Do you have any suspects in mind, my Lord?
I spent most of the night talking with Sir Gregory and his Eminence Piaggi.
So I think you can remove them from the list of suspects.
Monsieur Bonaparte and President Washington left the party after midnight, I believe. They were tired and went up to bed.
Any details about this tragedy?
Can you tell me anything else about what happened?
No, Louis, I wouldn't want to influence you. Get over there and form your own opinion.
Go there.
Right, I'll get over there immediately.
Thank you, Louis. Once you've finished, come back and let me know your findings, I'll be waiting.
And Louis, you got permission to search through the guests' rooms. They've all been notified and they all agree.
A notebook...  written in Elizabeth's handwriting.
It is written in a mix of several languages...  not too easy to work out... 
Translate the text
It looks like a mixture of medieval Latin and Anglo-Norman... 
It is difficult to make sense of this jerky writing, I can make out some passages though... 
"He's coming"...  "The demon is upon me"
"He's coming back to kill me...  there she is!"
"Death has come to finish me off, I've just run into her son"
That was her last entry...  what tortured writing... 
Use your knowledge
It's medieval Latin. I know enough enough to translate a bit.
Leave
Let's get out of here.
A notebook...  written in Elizabeth's handwriting.
It is written in a mix of several languages...  not too easy to work out... 
Translate the text
It looks like a mixture of medieval Latin and Anglo-Norman... 
It is difficult to make sense of this jerky writing, I can make out some passages though... 
