I must admit, there are worse things to worry about now, Louis.
What do you mean?
Since she disappeared, your mother has been seen once.
Her behavior on the evening of your arrival greatly surprised Gregory and myself.
She resurfaced to attack Emma, Emily Hillsborrow's twin sister, and she shot her with a pistol.
Then, before Gregory could intervene, she ran off and disappeared again.
I beg you pardon? Hang on...
Emily has a twin sister? Who knew my mother? What's she playing at, goddammit!
That means...  My vision on the wharf: it w...  it was actually happening inside the manor.
Mother shot Emily's sister, the very person she came looking for! Why would she do that?
Excuse me, but between that and the childhood of Lady Adams, it's...  it's all a bit much for me to cope with...
I need to piece it all together again to see things more clearly.
You said that you spent a lot of time talking together "at the beginning". What happened for that to change?
I'm afraid I...  I haven't much to tell you. The more the days went by, the more she withdrew into herself. She never gave me an explanation.
Until the day came when she purely and simply disappeared.
Where...  where did she go when she wanted to be alone?
She would shut herself away in a room we use as a box room, upstairs.
Would...  would you allow me to go there?
Naturally, Louis, of course.
I'll send you a servant to open it.
Thank you...
One last thing, although I don't know if there is a connection...
I'm listening.
A gate was forced the other night near the wharf. Nothing serious, just a few small things damaged.
Excuse yourself
Sorry, my Lord...  but I was searching for leads to my mother.
I thought I was hot on her trail and didn't take any precautions.
Well, you could have reported it to a servant.
But never mind, I shall put it down to your ardor and anxiety...
However, please try to respect my estate in future.
I certainly will. Please accept my sincerest apologies.
Lie to him.
Uhuh...  I see, I might be about to find a trace of her passage...
Sorry, Mother, but I don't want him on my back! You'll have to take the blame for me.
I can't see how Sarah could have done this but then I can't think of any other solution either.
I'll take a closer look.
That's all I can tell you about the disappearance of your mother, Louis, I would like to have been more helpful.
I shall stay on her trail and follow up any leads.
Thank you. Er, we will meet later on to welcome our last guest.
In the meantime, I shall get someone to open the box room upstairs for you.
Thank you.
Right. It's time we spoke about your mother, Louis.
She isn't missing.
She isn't missing, you know.
What...  what do you mean?
My mother has left traces in every nook and cranny of your island, my Lord.
She's definitely here. Now, what worries me most, is why she doesn't show herself.
She's in hiding.
She seems to be making every effort to steer clear of your guests.
Wha...  what do you mean?
For the past few weeks my mother's been playing cat and mouse, if you will.
I don't know why but it wouldn't surprise me to learn that she's trying to avoid someone.
The question is who.
And in your opinion, would she be the cat or the mouse?
The cat.
Knowing my mother, she would be the cat.
The mouse.
I'd like to answer the cat. But unfortunately, I'm increasingly worried that she's in fact the mouse.
She does it often.
When I first came here, I wasn't that worried.
In the past my mother has taken a few liberties during her missions, including disappearing for several days on end.
That doesn't make me feel any better, Louis.
What was the official reason why my mother came to your island?
I knew about your mother's activities, and yours, in the Golden Order.
I thought we had everything to gain by working together.
You mean the cannon deal with Monsieur Bonaparte?
Among others, yes.
How did you hear about that?
Monsieur Bonaparte came to speak to me about it yesterday, during lunch.
I see. So impetuous.
He was supposed to let me speak to you about it first...
Our friend Napoleon desperately needed financial backing to properly equip his army.
I took it upon myself to back him because I've a firm conviction that he can go far.
Yet he told me that you had spoken and that you hadn't been able to reach an understanding.
That's putting it mildly.
Monsieur Bonaparte is one of those guys who only understands people who think like he does.
Ha, I see what you mean.
He is indeed rather inflexible when it comes to certain subjects.
But I am still of the opinion that you can manage to get along.
We shall see. However, there's one thing that surprises me.
Did my mother sell arms?
Did my mother intend to finance a war? I'm not sure that I follow...
No, your mother's aim was not so much to partake in a war but rather to make Monsieur Bonaparte accountable.
France is in turmoil and having support of a military man can often come in handy, Louis.
You'll see.
Why help a lieutenant?
Isn't Bonaparte a bit young to deserve so much attention?
Well, you come straight to the point. I like that.
Indeed, if you knew just how much you remind me of him.
Trust me. I wager that Monsieur Napoleon will soon prove himself. I'm working on it, at least.
Once this deal was closed, I had big plans for Sarah.
Such as what?
You see, I've invited several influential figures on my island to present them with a project at the conference.
It will be presented later today. I thought that the Golden Order had a role to play...  and I still think so.
I was hoping Sarah would be able to join us.
I see...
Indeed, if by chance, your mother decided not to return to us before the conference, would you do me the great honor of attending?
If only to follow the deliberations while waiting for her to duly take her seat.
Why not, we shall see.
Ah! Thank you so much.
