Ah, yes, his famous cotton gin.
It was supposed to revolutionize cotton production in the United States.
It will revolutionize the world, Louis.
The potential of this invention is much greater.
Tomorrow, all industries will be switching to simple but large-scale production, of that I'm sure!
The Treaty of Jassy.
The armistice between the Russians and the Turks.
Russia has come out of it having officially won Crimea, which gives it direct access to the Black Sea...
And at the same, the Mediterranean Sea.
I'm worried about the decisions Tsarina Catherine might decide to take.
She's a woman who managed to get rid of her husband to accede to the upper reaches of power...
Gaining access to the Mediterranean Sea remains her main objective.
When she still had that dear Potemkin as her lover, I could always find out about her intentions, but those days are over.
Grigory Potemkin?
You are speaking of Grigory Aleksandrovich Potemkin?
The very man: the little devil behind the Mother of all Russians.
Since his death, I know absolutely nothing of what the Tsarina is up to.
Oh, really?
Ah...  yes. I didn't meant to shock you, please forgive me.
Let's just say that in my position, it is often advantageous to know about the habits and customs of world leaders.
Who are they?
Please excuse me but I'm not very familiar with the Russian nobility.
Fascinating
My mother must have undoubtedly taken great pleasure in these exchanges, she always was one to appreciate broadening her knowledge.
I'm surprised that she didn't get you started on the crusades, it was her favorite subject.
Are you joking?
Sarah and I spent entire days together reliving them.
It so happens that the crusades are also my subject of predilection, especially the third.
My ancestor distinguished himself brilliantly during the siege of Saint Jean d'Acre.
The famous papal bull of Pope Gregory VIII.
Mother lulled my childhood with tales of the crusades.
How Richard the Lionheart and Philip Augustus had to battle it out to achieve their ends...
And how Guy de Lusignan, having broken his word, launched the siege of Saint Jean d'Acre.
I see Sarah's lessons have inspired new enthusiasts.
Good on you, because not everyone can claim they know as much at your age.
I know nothing of the crusades.
Unfortunately, my Lord, the crusades are not my chosen field.
Well, it doesn't matter. You have plenty of time to learn.
Your mother is a very well-read woman.
You're quite lucky to have her as a model, Louis.
Yes, I know...  but I'm still very worried.
I must admit, there are worse things to worry about now, Louis.
What do you mean?
Since she disappeared, your mother has been seen once.
Her behavior on the evening of your arrival greatly surprised Gregory and myself.
She resurfaced to attack Emma, Emily Hillsborrow's twin sister, and she shot her with a pistol.
Then, before Gregory could intervene, she ran off and disappeared again.
I beg you pardon? Hang on...
Emily has a twin sister? Who knew my mother? What's she playing at, goddammit!
That means...  My vision on the wharf: it w...  it was actually happening inside the manor.
Mother shot Emily's sister, the very person she came looking for! Why would she do that?
Excuse me, but between that and the childhood of Lady Adams, it's...  it's all a bit much for me to cope with...
I need to piece it all together again to see things more clearly.
You said that you spent a lot of time talking together "at the beginning". What happened for that to change?
I'm afraid I...  I haven't much to tell you. The more the days went by, the more she withdrew into herself. She never gave me an explanation.
Until the day came when she purely and simply disappeared.
Where...  where did she go when she wanted to be alone?
She would shut herself away in a room we use as a box room, upstairs.
Would...  would you allow me to go there?
Naturally, Louis, of course.
I'll send you a servant to open it.
Thank you...
One last thing, although I don't know if there is a connection...
I'm listening.
A gate was forced the other night near the wharf. Nothing serious, just a few small things damaged.
Excuse yourself
Sorry, my Lord...  but I was searching for leads to my mother.
I thought I was hot on her trail and didn't take any precautions.
Well, you could have reported it to a servant.
But never mind, I shall put it down to your ardor and anxiety...
However, please try to respect my estate in future.
I certainly will. Please accept my sincerest apologies.
Lie to him.
Uhuh...  I see, I might be about to find a trace of her passage...
Sorry, Mother, but I don't want him on my back! You'll have to take the blame for me.
I can't see how Sarah could have done this but then I can't think of any other solution either.
I'll take a closer look.
That's all I can tell you about the disappearance of your mother, Louis, I would like to have been more helpful.
I shall stay on her trail and follow up any leads.
Thank you. Er, we will meet later on to welcome our last guest.
In the meantime, I shall get someone to open the box room upstairs for you.
Thank you.
The room has been totally ransacked … I wonder why?
The room has been totally ransacked … I wonder why?
Poor girl bled to death.
Whoever left that footprint has boats for feet. That's at least a size 15... 
Who wears a size like that here? Péru?
Washington, maybe.
Poor girl bled to death.
Whoever left that footprint has boats for feet. That's at least a size 15... 
Who wears a size like that here? Péru?
Washington, maybe.
The blood spatter indicates that the murderer must have held Elizabeth upright during the attack.
Even if Elizabeth wasn't very big, I...  I doubt she wouldn't have put up a struggle.
It takes tremendous strength to overpower someone like that... 
The blood spatter indicates that the murderer must have held Elizabeth upright during the attack.
Even if Elizabeth wasn't very big, I...  I doubt she wouldn't have put up a struggle.
It takes tremendous strength to overpower someone like that... 
Vials of Laudanum... 
Take a look at the vials
