Do you know who could have made such a mess of this room?
Miss Adams, sir. We were given orders to leave the room as it was so as not to rush her.
Did she have a fight with someone to get the room into this state?
Not that I know of, sir. Miss Adams would sometimes throw a tantrum during which she would destroy anything that came to hand.
Lord Mortimer told us not to enter the room.
Thanks for that information.
You are welcome, sir.
Oh my head... I should never have drunk so much.
Elizabeth, you have gotten the better of me. I should never have accepted all those drinks. You have...
Elizabeth?
Someone is about to enter!
I see. Please follow me, Monsieur de Richet.
Oh my head... I should never have drunk so much.
Elizabeth, you have gotten the better of me. I should never have accepted all those drinks. You have...
Elizabeth?
Someone is about to enter!
I see. Please follow me, Monsieur de Richet.
The New Testament
“because visible things are transient, and invisible things are eternal.”
The Gospels and Acts of the Apostles
The Gospel according to Saint Mark
Chapter 1 Verse 9
"And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John in Jordan."
Chapter 14 Verse 22
"And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to them, and said :"
"Take, eat: this is my body."
Chapter 5 Verse 22
"And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,"
Chapter 7 Verse 1
"Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem."
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint John
Chapter 3 Verse 18
"He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God."
Chapter 19 Verse 17
"And he, bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in Hebrew, Golgotha."
Chapter 10 Verse 30
"I and my Father are one."
Chapter 5 Verse 2
"Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue, Bethesda, having five porches."
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint Luke
Chapter 7 Verse 11
"And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people."
Chapter 24 Verse 3
"And so many came, and couldn't find the body of the Lord Jesus."
Chapter 2 Verse 6
"And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered."
Chapter 2 Verse 2
"(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)"
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint Matthew
Chapter 6 Verse 1
"Take heed that ye practice your justice before men, to be seen differently by them:"
"Otherwise ye shall have no reward of your Father which is in heaven."
Chapter 9 Verse 22
"But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour."
Chapter 13 Verse 2
"And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore."
Chapter 19 Verse 5
"And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh."
Go back
Acts of the Apostles
Chapter 2 Verse 2
"And suddenly there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting."
Chapter 19 Verse 14
"And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so."
Chapter 10 Verse 8
"And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,"
Hey, there's a note here, a message from Mother in reply to E.
"We must leave urgently, but first I absolutely must go beyond the Nightmare. Watch out for Wöllner, he figured out I was avoiding him.
Allay suspicion: see you tomorrow evening, stand ready...  For now, let's cease all communication until we meet. Take care of yourself."
I suppose this must be the last message. What happened afterward? If it's what I suspect...  I fear the worst.
What did Mother mean by: “I absolutely must go beyond the Nightmare”?
Her contact must stand “ready”...  a woman, E...  it must be Emily...  or maybe Emma?
Chapter 6 Verse 11
"Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Epistles of Paul 1/2
Epistle to the Romans
Chapter 5 Verse 12
"Wherefore, as by one man, sin entered into the world, and death by sin:"
"And so death passed upon all men, for all have sinned."
Chapter 3 Verse 11
"There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God."
Chapter 11 Verse 11
"I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall, salvation is come unto the Gentiles…"
"... for to provoke them to jealousy."
Oh wait! A note from Mother is carefully folded between the pages here!
What does it say?
"Dear E,
I'm glad you found this note. I was afraid the code of the two groups of pilgrims would mislead you.
Pick up the package, you know where, and hide it where no one will find it.. it's imperative!
Awaiting your reply, hidden behind the youngest apostle."
What? The youngest apostle...What does Mother mean by that?
Chapter 7 Verse 14
"For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin."
Go back
Epistle to the Corinthians I
