Ah, very interesting. Anything else?
He left his pistol at the scene.
His weapon was in Elizabeth's room, which proves he was present at the scene of the crime...
Hmm, I see. What else?
I found a pistol at the scene.
I found a pistol, engraved with the liberators of France, near Elizabeth's body.
Péru participated in the French Revolution, so he must be the owner, which goes to prove he was at the scene of the crime...
Napoleon Bonaparte took part too.. It could very well belong to him...  Anything else?
Giant footprint
I found a footprint in the victim's blood; the size corresponds to a very tall man.
Hmm, that's certainly suspicious.
I sense it was him.
I'm convinced he is guilty.
Yes, well, your instinct isn't enough to turn a suspect into a culprit, Louis.
That's sufficient.
I believe there's enough here to prove his guilt.
Very well. I'll share your conclusion with Gregory and then I shall take care of everything from now on.
Given the eminent guests and the important political issues involved, I trust you will leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Wollner
It's Wöllner.
Hmm...  what proof do you have against him?
He was in love with her.
I found out that he was in love with Elizabeth. As the feeling wasn't mutual, he could have attacked her out of spite.
Without any proof of what Adams really thought, it's a weak motive. Anything else?
Wollner tried to make me speak about Adams.
He did try to squeeze information out of me about Adams.
Just as any worthy guest would do. Have you anything else?
They had an affair.
Elizabeth and Wöllner had an affair right here, which came to an end. I haven't been able to determine who put an end to it, though.
What my guests do in their beds is no concern of mine.
But I shall take note as jealousy can indeed often lead to folly. Anything else?
That's sufficient evidence to my mind.
No, I think that's enough to accuse him.
It's a bit light, but I shall speak to Gregory about it and compare your findings with other information.
Given the distinguished guests and the political issues involved at the conference, I trust you will leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
He has the look of a conspirator about him.
I don't trust the look of the man, I'm...  I'm sure that he's plotting something and that he could well have killed Adams...
We all turn into a wolf one day or another, but that's neither proof nor fact, just a presumption...
Napoleon
I think Monsieur Napoleon is the culprit...
Hmm, why is that?
The pistol.
I found a pistol belonging to a French fighter on the floor of Adams' room.
Napoleon isn't the only one to have fought for France here...  Péru also took part in fighting during the French Revolution. Anything else?
There are rumors of an affair with Adams.
It's possible he had an affair with the young Elizabeth. Things may have...  well, gotten out of hand between them and caused the attack...
It sounds a bit weak, but it could indeed be a motive. Anything else?
He looks like a killer.
Napoleon is a deceitful upstart, he'll do anything to gain power...
The very fact that he will do anything means that he will not risk offending me. He would have everything to lose by making me his enemy...
There is sufficient evidence for me.
That's it.
I have heard you out...
I shall investigate on my side...  but I have sincere doubts about this accusation.
Given the imminence and the political issues of the conference, I trust you will leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Cardinal Piaggi
I...  I think it's Piaggi.
What? You think it could have been Cardinal Piaggi who killed her?
He gave me false leads.
His Eminence was of no help, he even gave me information that turned out to be false...
Louis, that doesn't authorize you to accuse him of murder...  Besides, he spent the best part of the night with Holm and myself, he has a solid alibi.
The wounds are not very deep
The cardinal is no longer a young man and the wounds on Elizabeth's body are shallow. He's probably the assassin.
An interesting deduction, but according to that logic, a woman might also be the culprit...  Anything else?
It's my firm conviction.
Contrary to my mother, I have little esteem for members of the church. He could very well have killed her...
No, I meant to say...
It's one of the female guests.
My mother...
From what I've found out, I...  I...  I believe that my mother is the culprit, even though I find it hard to accept...
Sarah? But why her?
Her violent past with Elizabeth.
I found out that there was a...  a long history between Elizabeth and my mother. She had been her personal doctor and had tortured her throughout her childhood...
Ah! And so, she could have tried to silence Elizabeth so the truth wouldn't get out and damage her reputation? It's possible. Have you anything else?
Elizabeth thought that Mother was going to kill her.
Elizabeth thought that Mother was going to kill her.
Difficult to believe in a simple coincidence in light of recent events...
Indeed, it's uncanny...  anything else?
The piece of dress
I found a piece of fabric that appears to have belonged to her and proves she was present at the scene of the crime.
Interesting, anything else?
The murderer is a woman.
The print left on the knife near the body was left by a slender hand, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
And there aren't many female guests...  I see. Anything else, Louis?
An intuition
My instincts tell me that it was my mother who killed Elizabeth...
You accuse your own mother of murder based on an intuition?
It seems to me that I have committed an error by entrusting you with this investigation, Monsieur de Richet.
I think that's sufficient evidence.
I think that there is more than enough evidence here.
Indeed. It's very worrying. Everything seems to indicate that your mother is responsible for Elizabeth's murder.
Given the distinguished guests and the political issues involved at the conference, I trust you'll leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Now that we've examined the question from all sides, maybe you could explain to me why you asked me here, my Lord?
Emily Hillsborrow
Emily Hillsborrow is the guilty party.
Emily? Why?
The woman's hand print.
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had the print of a slender hand on it, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
Ah! And there aren't many women among the guests...  Anything else, Louis?
The piece of dress
