William, I would like to see you a moment before we begin.
In private... 
Let's step outside a moment... 
Louis, this will only take a few moments... 
Search the study
Alright, let's take this chance to look around.
Wait
I'd better not make myself look more suspicious than I already do.
You don't need us for any of this. So, come along monsieur Péru. We are leaving.
What can I do for you, Louis?
I've come to see you about last night's tragedy.
Did you hear anything about what happened to Elizabeth?
Yes, we all did. Rumors spread quickly, you know.
How awful...
I didn't know her well, but I hope at least the poor thing didn't suffer too much.
Probably not.
She didn't have time. I'm afraid Miss Adams was stabbed several times.
Good God...  what a tragedy.
Stabbed nine times...
Elizabeth was stabbed nine times. No doubt she suffered greatly.
Nine times...  what monster is capable of such a horrible thing?
Don't you worry.
Death came quickly, you can be assured of that.
If such a senseless act can happen here, then none of us is truly safe anywhere.
Lord Mortimer must be mortified that one of his guests could have committed such an act, don't you think?
He is indeed very upset about it. That's only natural after such a violent murder.
Violent, what do you mean?
Elizabeth was stabbed nine times.
Oh my God, Louis! How awful!
The murderer must have had a serious grudge against her to set upon her like that. It must have been a crime of passion.
Do you know what happened exactly?
In fact, Lord Mortimer has asked me to look into this case, Emily.
Really! Are you Lord Mortimer's snoop now?
I'm doing it for Elizabeth. Not to please Mortimer.
Good for you. Quite right, too. Have you found out anything?
Where was she last night?
I'm now interviewing all the guests to establish the alibis for each person.
Just so I can cross you off the list of suspects, can you tell me what you did after leaving my room?
You know, the easiest way to find out what I was doing last night would have been to invite me to stay, Louis.
But I shall answer you. I simply went back to my room and then to bed.
On the way, I stopped off for a brief chat with President Washington about some business that concerns both of us.
Very well, then. Thank you, Emily.
Just so that I can cross you off the list of suspects, can you tell me what you were doing on the night of the murder?
Am I given to understand that I'm on the list of suspects?
Don't take it the wrong way but I must consider every possibility.
Well, if you absolutely wanted to be sure of my activities that evening, you only had to join me, you know.
I know, Emily. Especially since I couldn't prevent the murder, even though I spent part of the evening with Elizabeth.
You...  you sure it's not too hard to bear for you?
The fact is, I don't have a choice...
But I will find the murderer! I owe Elizabeth that, at least.
Just so that I can cross you off the list of suspects, can you tell me what you did after leaving my room?
Are you including me among the suspects? After the night we spent together?
Careful, Louis. Keep this up and I'll call you a cad.
I don't doubt your innocence, Emily, but I still need proof for Lord Mortimer.
I didn't think you'd want me to explain to him where you spent the night, actually.
Ah! Good thinking, my friend. Tell Mortimer that I went to talk with President Washington, he'll be able to corroborate what I say.
I went to see him after leaving you. We had some things to discuss concerning a business matter.
Perfect.
Make her speak about the night of the murder.
Since your arrival, did you notice anything strange about Elizabeth?
Everything that happened around that poor child was strange. You saw that for yourself...
I know, you're right.
I'm looking for leads to try to reduce the number of suspects.
Well, I would say that in addition to ourselves, you could also cross off President Washington.
I went to see him during the night, I had some business with him and I can confirm that he didn't leave his room all night.
That gives Washington an alibi.
What was her relationship with Elizabeth?
Did you and Elizabeth get to know each other?
Hmm...  I must admit, Louis, I...  I didn't take much interest in her.
I feel a bit guilty about it, but I never actually spoke to her.
She seemed burdened by her problems and as she wasn't invited to the conference, I didn't really seek her out.
Others...
Speak to her about her correspondence with Piaggi.
I hear you were in discussions with the Holy See?
Oh! Either his Eminence can't keep his tongue from wagging, or you've been poking your nose where you shouldn't, sir.
Even so, Emily, you're raising a royalist army. That's no small matter.
And you are straying from the subject. Is there anything else you wanted to ask me?
Speak to her about her arrangements with Washington.
Tell me, Emily, what's the nature of your relationship with Washington?
Oh, come off it, Louis, you're not going to go into a jealous rage, are you?
No, I can assure you of that, that has nothing to do with it.
I saw Washington's letter!
You're preparing a treaty to break the ties between the United States and France.
Whatever are you talking about, Louis?
I read your correspondences, Emily.
It's not what you think. So don't go thinking there's anything personal in it.
Are you trying to break Franco-American agreements, Emily?
That's the job, Louis. We're all doing everything we can to serve the best interests of our nation.
It's got nothing to do with you, or us.
But why didn't you tell me about it before?
Would you have told me?
Let her speak.
It doesn't really matter...  Look, Louis, the President and myself are working on a number of commercial contracts. Nothing overly exciting.
You're lying, Emily...  if these agreements come into being, they'll break Franco-American alliances for the greatest benefit of England.
In order to know.
Speak to her about the piece of fabric.
I found a torn piece of dress in Miss Adams' room. Grey silk.
Where's it from?
That's what I'm trying to find out. The color doesn't match any of Elizabeth's dresses, but I might not have found all of her clothes yet.
Good Lord, Louis...  I...  do you realize what this means?
