Cut the crap. Get to the point, we both know why you're here.
And have you got anything to tell me?
What does it matter? It's too late anyway. Do what you have to do and get out... 
He doesn't look well.
It's never too late, sir. If you have something to say, now is the time.
You don't understand. Everything's already written. It's over.
Why is he behaving like the perfect culprit?
What is it that's already written? I'm not sure I follow you.
No, you don't... 
Search the room
Greetings, Louis.
Mr President. You can guess why I'm here.
Of course... 
Lord Mortimer has sent me to ask you a few questions about last night.
It's...  How am I going to tell Elizabeth's father that she is dead?
I know, Mr President. I shall endeavor to find out the truth about this tragedy. I must ask you to help me though, please.
Find the degenerate pig who did this, Louis.
He looks like he's grieving.
Are you alright, Mr President? Are you feeling alright?
Oh, don't worry. It's this rotten toothache.
What do you expect, I'm no spring chicken now.
Had he spoken to her?
Tell me, Mr President, had you spoken to Elizabeth since your arrival?
You know her father, you thought she was dead... 
No, I didn't. And I believe I'll be taking my remorse with me to my grave.
I wanted to but I didn't know where to begin... 
You can't blame yourself, you...  you couldn't have known that her days were numbered.
What is his alibi for last night?
I'm talking to all the guests to find out who has an alibi, and, well, who doesn't, Mr President.
Can you tell me what you were doing last night so that I can strike your name off the list?
I spent the night right here reading.
All night?
Exactly. Emily stopped by in the middle of the night, you can ask her. She wanted to talk about some business we have in common.
That corroborates Emily's version.
Anything whatsoever to do with Elizabeth?
Not at all, Louis. A business matter.
Ask him about the laudanum
Were you aware that Elizabeth took laudanum?
Yes, she came to ask me for some. She had finished her reserve, I believe.
Did he know why?
Did she tell your why she was so desperate to get some, Mr President?
She said she had terrible migraines that wouldn't go away.
More likely for the voices she heard, not the migraines.
Does he take a lot?
Do you take it regularly, Mr President?
Unfortunately, I do, Louis. I still suffer from a terrible toothache and it's not likely to get any better.
It's just for that then?
Old age, my young friend. I don't wish it upon you but you'll soon see. At my age, it's rare to have no problems in that domain.
And do you take a lot?
A moderate amount, Louis. Only the dosage indicated on the prescription of my doctor.
Anything else?... 
Do you know if she had any enemies?
Do you know if she had any enemies, Mr President?
Not that I know of.
I heard about her altercation with Mr Péru but that case was closed, if I'm not mistaken.
But if in doubt, I wouldn't leave any door unopened and I'd go and question your fellow countryman.
Don't worry. Countryman or not, I'm not letting anybody slip through the cracks.
Does he know why she was here?
Do you know why she came to the island?
To get help, if I'm not mistaken. Isn't that right?
Indeed. Sir Gregory suggested to her father, that he introduce her to Lord Mortimer, to see if he could help her.
Why invite her now then?
It would appear that she wasn't invited to the conference.
That doesn't surprise me. The poor girl was in no way concerned by our business and she had no political clout.
So I don't understand why Sir Gregory invited her during the conference of his good friend Lord Mortimer.
He must have realized that he wouldn't have much time to grant her. Preparing a conference does not seem an easy task.
On the evening of our arrival, Lord Mortimer didn't even welcome us, what with his being so busy and all.
Yes, you are right, Louis. I didn't think of that.
It is indeed rather surprising. The easiest thing to do is simply ask him, you know.
Of course... 
Let him finish
Yes, Lord Mortimer has a talent for healing, apparently.
I'm not surprised Sir Gregory advised her to come.
Agreed... 
Speak to him about the footprint.
Mr President, we found a footprint at the scene of the crime.
Not a dress shoe, I hope. That's all I wear.
No, rest assured, it looks like the print of a big ankle boot. Large size, I'd say.
Perfect, that should help you, Louis. It's a clue.
Return... 
Leave
I shan't keep you any longer, Mr President.
Feel free, Louis. If there's anything I can do, just ask.
Thank you, Mr President.
Greetings, Louis.
Mr President. You can guess why I'm here.
Of course... 
Lord Mortimer has sent me to ask you a few questions about last night.
It's...  How am I going to tell Elizabeth's father that she is dead?
I know, Mr President. I shall endeavor to find out the truth about this tragedy. I must ask you to help me though, please.
Find the degenerate pig who did this, Louis.
He looks like he's grieving.
Are you alright, Mr President? Are you feeling alright?
Oh, don't worry. It's this rotten toothache.
What do you expect, I'm no spring chicken now.
Had he spoken to her?
Tell me, Mr President, had you spoken to Elizabeth since your arrival?
You know her father, you thought she was dead... 
No, I didn't. And I believe I'll be taking my remorse with me to my grave.
I wanted to but I didn't know where to begin... 
