Examine the hands
No wounds, but blood on the right hand, nothing on the left except that tattooed symbol... 
Examine the symbol.
This pentacle is a trap.
The wearers of the pentacle thought that they were protected from evil by surrounding it inside the different circles of the pentacle.
Observe the wrists
No marks or bruising around the wrists. It doesn't look like she was tied up or held by force.
... Return to the body
Examine the legs
Blood, but no trace of blows on the legs.
Look at the tattoos.
More tattoos, similar to those on the rest of her body.
Analyze the blood streaks
The direction of the blood streaks caused by the wounds to the thorax show that she was standing when she lost blood.
This proves that she was standing when she was assassinated. Possibly held by someone or something.
Sexual assault
Let's see... 
No trace of sexual assault or rape.
... Return to the body
Leave
At last we meet, Monsieur de Richet.
Do you mind if I call you Louis?
Please do.
Thank you.
I wish to apologize wholeheartedly, Louis.
I made you cross the seas and I wasn't even here to welcome you.
When I asked you to join us here, it was, of course, in the hope that you would help us find your mother.
Unfortunately I am now confronted with another problem, which I would rather have done without:
You see, last night Miss Adams also went missing... 
She hasn't disappeared.
I understand your concern, my Lord, but I don't think these things are as bad as they seem.
I'd like to know more.
And why is that? Can you tell me more?
Let him speak.
... 
I have had my people searching for her all over the island, alas to no avail.
It so happens that both her mental and her physical health are extremely fragile. I'm worried that the same thing happened to her as to your mother.
Also, I would appreciate it...  very much...  if you could tell me what you were doing on the floor, in her room, in the early hours of the morning.
It's quite normal. I...  I can explain everything.
Oh, haha. Well, I'm glad to hear it.
You see, Sir Gregory is about to arrive and he has taken Elizabeth's disappearance very, very seriously.
Please, reassure him so that we can talk about your mother.
However, there may be some new developments, but I...  I don't know if they are linked to your mother... 
We have found Elizabeth Adams' body in her room.
I'm afraid she was brutally murdered, stabbed several times.
I...  but... 
Who did it?
Who...  who could have done it?
That is precisely what I would like you to help us find out.
I only bumped into her last night.
I can't believe it. We bumped into each other last night on our way to bed.
Yes, I know.
Say nothing
... 
Duchess Hillsborrow informed us that she accompanied you at the beginning of the evening.
You apparently bumped into Miss Adams who wanted to speak to you.
We are told you turned her away and she went away on her own... 
That's correct.
Do you know what she wanted to see you about by any chance?
Unfortunately not.
Not in the least.
She seemed confused.
She seemed upset about something. I thought she was under the influence of alcohol. But we didn't really speak.
Pity, the poor child was probably trying to find help.
I thought it could wait until tomorrow... 
Hmm, apparently not.
But an act of horrific violence occurred during the night.
And I do not know if this is linked to the disapearance of Sarah... 
What do you mean?
What are you getting at? What act of violence?
We...  we found Elizabeth Adams' body in her room.
She was brutally mudered, stabbed several times.
A link with my mother?
If there is a possible link to my mother, I...  I hope you'll let me know.
In the early hours of the morning, Elizabeth Adams was found dead in her room, savagely mutilated with a knife.
What?...  But...  I...  How is it possible?
That's precisely what I want to find out.
I'll get straight to the point, Louis, according to the initial elements at my disposal, you were the last person to see her alive.
Yes, last night we...  Do you suspect me?
I want you to tell me everything that happened last night, and leave nothing out.
Tell me, how did the evening begin?
I was with Duchess Hillsborrow
Duchess Hillsborrow and I were returning to our rooms when Elizabeth came up to us.
She was in a state of panic and insisted that she needed to speak to me. She said she feared for her life.
I took my leave of the Duchess and followed Elizabeth to her room.
I was going to bed.
I was going up to my room when I saw Elizabeth waiting for me... 
She was very upset, and her words didn't make sense.
I thought it best to follow her to her room, as she had asked me to.
Hmhm, continue... 
She insisted we have a drink, without which she refused to confide anything.
What exactly did she want to speak about?
About her childhood with my mother.
About my mother...  She had just found out that I was Sarah de Richet's son.
Elizabeth wanted to tell me about the horrors my mother apparently inflicted on her.
Finding out that your own parents had always lied to you... 
Well, that must not have been an easy thing to hear.
She thought she'd seen my mother.
She claimed she saw my mother the previous evening, on the cliff, if I remember correctly... 
Interesting. I will send someone as soon as possible... 
