Gregory is suggesting he isn't certain that Elizabeth has left the island and that some misfortune might well have befallen her during the night... 
But that's not the case.
That's what you say!
You are the last person who saw her alive.
There might well be any number of reasons why you wanted her silenced!
No one can substantiate your claim that she left as you said she did, Louis.
How would I know?
Technically, I...  I'm simply incapable of telling you where she might be.
And we never talked about her destination.
What I can say, is that the last time I saw Elizabeth, she was in her room... 
And she had just decided to leave the island.
Gregory, you must admit that just because Louis doesn't know where Elizabeth is, does not prove that something's happened to her.
Why does this matter to you?
With all due respect, gentlemen, what does any of this have to do with you?
It seems to me that Miss Adams is free to do whatever she pleases, isn't she?
No, Louis, Miss Adams was not free to do as she pleased.
No, Louis. You see, Elizabeth came here at my request in order to get some rest.
Certainly not so she could disappear in the middle of the night on a whim!
Please stop all of your verbal gymnastics. We can see very well that you still haven't answered the question.
Maybe at her sister's?
I'm not absolutely sure, but I'd wager she's gone to visit her sister.
I beg your pardon?
Good Lord!... 
Y...  You mean Abigail?
Yes, they've been keeping in touch by mail.. Elizabeth always dreamed of meeting her.
I wouldn't be surprised if she went to see her.
Damnation, William, This is a fiasco!
Sir, you don't seem to realize just how serious this is!
Let's try and remain calm, Gregory.
In any case, it would be far better if Elizabeth really has left the island as Louis says.
Why do you think she wanted to leave?
I advised her to.
She...  she couldn't bear it any more, she...  she was becoming hysterical and drinking heavily.
She was panic-stricken at the thought of staying here and I didn't know she wasn't allowed to leave.
It's not that she was a prisoner here, Louis.
But Elizabeth is mentally very fragile and I fear she might do something terrible to herself or others.
She wasn't ready and you have made a grave mistake by encouraging her.
William, don't justify yourself! He won't even answer the question.
What is the real reason, Monsieur de Richet?
She felt trapped here.
Sh...  she was persuaded she was going to die, when... 
When she saw that you had invited my mother, she thought that you wanted to put an end to her.
She felt betrayed.
But why didn't she speak to me about it?
Elizabeth had nothing to fear from us. You know very well who she was afraid of but you don't dare say.
To escape my mother.
She was terrorized by my mother's presence here.
Just the thought of coming face to face with her was unbearable... 
Did she tell you why?
Yes, she brought the subject up.
I'm sorry, Louis, it couldn't have been easy to hear.
For your sake, I sincerely hope that she got there safely.
William, I believe we have finished here.
Good
Monsieur de Richet, I apologize if my words seemed a little abrupt.
I dare not think what would happen if Elizabeth came across your mother on the island.
Your generosity may well cost you dearly.
I understand, my Lord, I certainly regret it... 
Bad
Monsieur de Richet, we have given you every opportunity to reassure us as to the fate of Elizabeth... 
You have only succeeded in plunging yourself into deeper trouble.
I will never rest until we are certain that Elizabeth is indeed alive.
I assure you, my Lord... 
We are obliged to believe you for the moment... 
Consequently, I shall make you a promise in return.
If ever we find out that anything has happened to poor Elizabeth,... 
... I shall personally see to it that your head will land in a basket!
Monsieur de Richet, you were found standing over Miss Adams' body.
We must shed some light on your responsibility in this tragedy.
We shall then decide on your fate, but you must know that if you do not convince us of your innocence... 
...  it will cost you dearly.
Now you're going to tell us everything that happened last night, without leaving any detail out.
First things first, how did your evening begin?
I was with Emily when Elizabeth turned up
Duchess Hillsborrow and I were returning to our rooms when Elizabeth came upon us.
Oh, so you were with the duchess?
Yes, we were talking. We were walking up the stairs and, it was late.
Where did you come from?
Errr...  I don't remember... 
Tell him the truth
We came from the Portrait Gallery, if I remember rightly.
Hmm...  That is what the Duchess said...  Continue.
Lie to him
We came from the small salon, I believe, and... 
Hmm...  And then?
From the Grand Hall
I...  I think we came from the Grand Hall.
Oh, isn't that surprising...  Do continue.
I don't remember.
Listen, with everything that's happened, my thoughts are a...  a bit mixed up. I...  I can't remember very well, I'm...  I'm sorry.
Now why does that answer not surprise me? But please, do go on... 
Elizabeth asked to speak to me.
I was in the corridor, and I was going to bed. Elizabeth wanted to speak to me because she feared for her life.
Very well. Continue.
Were you alone?
Don't lie to them, they know.
No, I was going upstairs with Duchess Hillsborrow, and we were walking towards our rooms when Elizabeth suddenly appeared.
Yes, I was alone
Indeed, it was late, I...  I was tired and I was going up to bed.
That's not what Duchess Hillsborrow told us.
