Chapter 1 Verse 27
"Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction,."
"and to keep himself unsoiled by the world.”
Chapter 1 Verse 13
"Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted by God: for God cannot be tempted with evil,"
"and neither tempteth he any man."
Go back
Peter
Chapter 7 Verse 9
“Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?”
Chapter 1 Verse 1
"Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,"
Chapter 1 Verse 18
"Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold,"
"from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;"
Chapter 2 Verse 25
"For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls."
Go back
John
Chapter 3 Verse 5
"And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin."
Chapter 1 Verse 8
"If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us."
Chapter 2 Verse 11
"But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes."
Chapter 4 Verse 13
"Hereby know that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit."
Go back
Revelation to John
Chapter 5 Verse 12
"Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength,"
"and honour, and glory, and blessing."
Chapter 19 Verse 5
"And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great."
Chapter 6 Verse 6
"And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say,"
"A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine."
Chapter 12 Verse 14
"And the woman was given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place,"
"where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent."
Hey! A new note! It's been folded carefully in the corner of this page! The writing...  it's not my Mother's!
“S,
I found the book in your effects; I've concealed it where no one can get their hands on it, I can assure you!
Awaiting your instructions. I will hear your reply like he who hears the angel.”
Hears the angel? What does that mean? It's probably the place where she was expecting to get the location of the next note...
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Stop reading
I guess I'll just come back later.
Analyze the book
What is it?
A volume of the Gutenberg Bible.
A Gutenberg Bible...
This book is incredibly precious.
I believe this is the book my mother referred to when calling upon the Lord...
This Bible is famous
This volume dates from the first edition of Gutenberg. It's the first book that was ever printed!
The pages are covered in annotations in Latin, French and Hebrew...  someone spent years studying this bible.
Read
Leave
The New Testament
“because visible things are transient, and invisible things are eternal.”
The Gospels and Acts of the Apostles
The Gospel according to Saint Mark
Chapter 1 Verse 9
"And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John in Jordan."
Chapter 14 Verse 22
"And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to them, and said :"
"Take, eat: this is my body."
Chapter 5 Verse 22
"And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,"
Chapter 7 Verse 1
"Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem."
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint John
Chapter 3 Verse 18
"He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God."
Chapter 19 Verse 17
"And he, bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in Hebrew, Golgotha."
Chapter 10 Verse 30
"I and my Father are one."
Chapter 5 Verse 2
"Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue, Bethesda, having five porches."
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint Luke
Chapter 7 Verse 11
"And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people."
Chapter 24 Verse 3
"And so many came, and couldn't find the body of the Lord Jesus."
Chapter 2 Verse 6
"And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered."
Chapter 2 Verse 2
"(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)"
Go back
The Gospel according to Saint Matthew
Chapter 6 Verse 1
"Take heed that ye practice your justice before men, to be seen differently by them:"
"Otherwise ye shall have no reward of your Father which is in heaven."
Chapter 9 Verse 22
"But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour."
