In this way, you'll be able to keep your mother informed of what is said.
...  and...
There's something else I'd like to briefly go over:
Earlier, you asked me the official reason for your mother's presence here.
Is there an off-the-record reason why your mother came here?
I've absolutely no idea.
If only my mother had trusted me...  but she remained very mysterious...
I'd have been delighted to answer your question.
Is this usual for her?
As head of the Order, secrets are her bread and butter, as you can imagine.
That said, it's the first time she hasn't let me in on the reason for her trip.
And it intrigues me, to tell you the truth.
Well, I am sure that Sarah will explain everything once she reappears.
She was looking for a buyer.
She...  she was looking for someone.
Wha...  what do you mean?
In Paris, we were working on a smuggling case to do with occult objects.
We had just arrested a dealer who intended to go to you to meet a buyer.
My mother was here to find out to whom he intended to sell his stolen treasure.
Ah! What was the name of your dealer?
Von Borchert
The dealer was called Von Borchert.
As for the buyer, he was unknown to us.
Hmm...  No, I don't know anything about that.
Von Brochet
If I'm not mistaken, the dealer was called Von Brochet.
Name means nothing to me.
Von Brebis
He was called Von Brebis, if I remember rightly.
Does that ring a bell?
No, not in the slightest, sorry.
A Germanic name, I believe.
I can't remember exactly. Von...  something or other...
Von Wöllner?
No, not your friend, Mr von Wöllner.
There's something I still don't get.
In your opinion, why would your mother remain in hiding over several weeks?
Maybe she's wary of someone.
Her not coming back to the manor after so long, makes me wonder if she is wary of someone.
Certainly, but whom?
The only ones who were present during her stay were Sir Gregory, Duchess Hillsborrow, Mr von Wöllner and myself.
Duchesse Hillsborrow?
How did my mother and Duchess Hillsborrow get on?
Oh very well, I believe.
They spent a lot of time together. Without wanting to exaggerate, I rather got the impression that Emily reminded your mother of herself when she was young.
Was she wary of Gregory Holm?
It seems you're close friends, what...  what can you tell me about Sir Gregory?
Gregory? Oh, he's one of those cantankerous old men who hates losing at chess, he's a little eccentric, and rather conservative. I'm sure you've met the type.
Oh, actually, I don't judge people on how they look...
And you do well not to. What with his manner of continuing to wear makeup as he does, Gregory often gives off an unhealthy image.
He's an eccentric old man, a little stubborn, but what can you expect? He isn't going to change now, not at his age.
Was she wary of Wollner?
And what about Mr von Wöllner, do you know him well?
To be honest, not really. He's closer to Gregory. I'm not the one who invited him.
I know his reputation.
It is my understanding that he managed to form alliances with the right people at the right time.
Yes, apparently so.
It is my understanding that he didn't really get on with the previous prussian monarch, Frederick II, the father of the current King..
But he was clever enough to position himself with his son, the current King of Prussia, Frederick William.
Let Mortimer speak.
What I know of him is what they say in high society's salons. He's a man who manages to form alliances with the right people when it's necessary.
As a minister of the church, he actively repressed the religions of the Book and the spirit of the Enlightenment.
And if I'm not mistaken, he has a passion for alchemy.
But then, I must admit he is rather evasive and not very talkative, at least toward me.
I'd like to have a word with him, if I get the chance. He might be able to tell me more about my mother's last days with you.
Was she wary of Mortimer?
My Lord, I'm obliged to ask this question but please don' t take offense to it.
Ah, you wonder if Sarah was wary of me?
...
It just so happens that I've been asking myself the very same question. Because I can't explain why Sarah didn't come to see me, knowing how influential I am.
But to your point, I can't imagine she would be. Although I am obviously not the best person to answer that question.
Thank you.
I...  I had to ask.
Adams was here as well.
You forget Elizabeth Adams, my Lord.
That's true, but Gregory and I arranged it so that they wouldn't run into each other. I...  I thought it had worked.
Do you think that your mother felt she was in danger because of Elizabeth?
It's possible.
She might have discovered something.
Maybe she found something out?
What do you mean?
My mother has a gift for investigating.
If she had picked up a lead, nothing would have stopped her...
Maybe she's lost her mind.
I'd like to find a logical answer but I just can't see anything.
Apart from the fact that she might have lost her mind.
Since I came here, I've ceased to understand her. That, plus what I've found out about her past, and I'm left with the bitter feeling that I never really knew her.
I can understand you beginning to feel that way, after these past two days...
But I'm sure all will become clear once your mother reappears.
The only thing I can tell you is that Sarah had indeed changed.
At the beginning of her stay here, we enjoyed spending time together, solving the world's problems.
Enough about her, what of her disappearance?
Tell me...  tell me about her disappearance.
What did you speak about together?
You seem to know my mother very well, my Lord.
What did you talk about together?
Oh, as soon as we had a little free time, we liked to share points of view about practically any subject.
We would find ourselves embarked on interminable discussions that could go from Monsieur Blanchard's flight in a hot-air balloon to the treaty of Jassy...
Or the adoption of the metric system in France last year, or even Mr Eli Whitney's invention in the United States.
Whitney's cotton gin.
