Right. It's time we spoke about your mother, Louis.
She isn't missing.
She isn't missing, you know.
What...  what do you mean?
My mother has left traces in every nook and cranny of your island, my Lord.
She's definitely here. Now, what worries me most, is why she doesn't show herself.
She's in hiding.
She seems to be making every effort to steer clear of your guests.
Wha...  what do you mean?
For the past few weeks my mother's been playing cat and mouse, if you will.
I don't know why but it wouldn't surprise me to learn that she's trying to avoid someone.
The question is who.
And in your opinion, would she be the cat or the mouse?
The cat.
Knowing my mother, she would be the cat.
The mouse.
I'd like to answer the cat. But unfortunately, I'm increasingly worried that she's in fact the mouse.
She does it often.
When I first came here, I wasn't that worried.
In the past my mother has taken a few liberties during her missions, including disappearing for several days on end.
That doesn't make me feel any better, Louis.
What was the official reason why my mother came to your island?
I knew about your mother's activities, and yours, in the Golden Order.
I thought we had everything to gain by working together.
You mean the cannon deal with Monsieur Bonaparte?
Among others, yes.
How did you hear about that?
Monsieur Bonaparte came to speak to me about it yesterday, during lunch.
I see. So impetuous.
He was supposed to let me speak to you about it first...
Our friend Napoleon desperately needed financial backing to properly equip his army.
I took it upon myself to back him because I've a firm conviction that he can go far.
Yet he told me that you had spoken and that you hadn't been able to reach an understanding.
That's putting it mildly.
Monsieur Bonaparte is one of those guys who only understands people who think like he does.
Ha, I see what you mean.
He is indeed rather inflexible when it comes to certain subjects.
But I am still of the opinion that you can manage to get along.
We shall see. However, there's one thing that surprises me.
Did my mother sell arms?
Did my mother intend to finance a war? I'm not sure that I follow...
No, your mother's aim was not so much to partake in a war but rather to make Monsieur Bonaparte accountable.
France is in turmoil and having support of a military man can often come in handy, Louis.
You'll see.
Why help a lieutenant?
Isn't Bonaparte a bit young to deserve so much attention?
Well, you come straight to the point. I like that.
Indeed, if you knew just how much you remind me of him.
Trust me. I wager that Monsieur Napoleon will soon prove himself. I'm working on it, at least.
Once this deal was closed, I had big plans for Sarah.
Such as what?
You see, I've invited several influential figures on my island to present them with a project at the conference.
It will be presented later today. I thought that the Golden Order had a role to play...  and I still think so.
I was hoping Sarah would be able to join us.
I see...
Indeed, if by chance, your mother decided not to return to us before the conference, would you do me the great honor of attending?
If only to follow the deliberations while waiting for her to duly take her seat.
Why not, we shall see.
Ah! Thank you so much.
In this way, you'll be able to keep your mother informed of what is said.
...  and...
There's something else I'd like to briefly go over:
Earlier, you asked me the official reason for your mother's presence here.
Is there an off-the-record reason why your mother came here?
I've absolutely no idea.
If only my mother had trusted me...  but she remained very mysterious...
I'd have been delighted to answer your question.
Is this usual for her?
As head of the Order, secrets are her bread and butter, as you can imagine.
That said, it's the first time she hasn't let me in on the reason for her trip.
And it intrigues me, to tell you the truth.
Well, I am sure that Sarah will explain everything once she reappears.
She was looking for a buyer.
She...  she was looking for someone.
Wha...  what do you mean?
In Paris, we were working on a smuggling case to do with occult objects.
We had just arrested a dealer who intended to go to you to meet a buyer.
My mother was here to find out to whom he intended to sell his stolen treasure.
Ah! What was the name of your dealer?
Von Borchert
The dealer was called Von Borchert.
As for the buyer, he was unknown to us.
Hmm...  No, I don't know anything about that.
Von Brochet
If I'm not mistaken, the dealer was called Von Brochet.
Name means nothing to me.
Von Brebis
He was called Von Brebis, if I remember rightly.
Does that ring a bell?
No, not in the slightest, sorry.
A Germanic name, I believe.
I can't remember exactly. Von...  something or other...
Von Wöllner?
No, not your friend, Mr von Wöllner.
There's something I still don't get.
In your opinion, why would your mother remain in hiding over several weeks?
Maybe she's wary of someone.
Her not coming back to the manor after so long, makes me wonder if she is wary of someone.
Certainly, but whom?
The only ones who were present during her stay were Sir Gregory, Duchess Hillsborrow, Mr von Wöllner and myself.
