You were apparently both going upstairs and Miss Adams accosted you.
What do you think will happen if we find you guilty?
Come, come, gentlemen.
Please continue your account, Louis.
Continue without answering Mortimer
Well, I...  I followed her, and... 
Louis...  you are trying to dodge the question.
Why try to hide the fact that you went up with Duchess Hillsborrow?
I'm finding it very difficult to follow your line of reasoning.
Never mind, continue.
You went upstairs, Elizabeth accosted you to beg for your help.
I was with Emily
I was alone
Elizabeth beckoned me to her room.
I was in the corridor, and I was about to go to bed.
Elizabeth appeared as if from nowhere and rushed toward me.
She took me by the arm and led me to her room.
You say she...  led you?
Alright...  we'll accept that. Continue.
We were heading for our rooms when Elizabeth burst into the corridor, barely dressed.
She was panic-stricken and insisted on speaking to me.
So I found myself in Elizabeth's room.
We sat down together. She insisted we have a drink or she would refuse to confide in me.
What exactly did she want to speak about at such a late hour?
About her childhood with my mother.
She was distressed, she... 
She'd just found out that I was Sarah de Richet's son and sort of insisted on telling me about the horrors my mother made her suffer.
She was convinced she was going to die.
It turns out she wasn't wrong.
She claimed she saw my mother the evening before.
She was panicked. She claimed she had just seen my mother on the island.
Did she say where she saw her?
In a cave.
I'm not sure but I think she spoke of a cave.
A cave? Hmm, strange.
On the pontoon.
If I remember correctly, she told me she saw her on the docks.
Your memory fails you, Sir.
She also told me, but she said she saw her near a cliff.
On the cliffs
Huh...  I seem to remember something about cliffs.
Let us continue.
Say she feared Mortimer
Well, she was terrorized by the fact that you invited her at the same time as my mother.
She was surely victim to misconceptions but felt trapped. She was convinced she was going to die.
But why?
Let's say she didn't believe in coincidences, shall we?
You'll admit that the chances of my mother and Elizabeth bumping into each other on this island are pretty slim.
Why did you invite them both at the same time?
Sorry if I'm putting my nose where it doesn't belong, my Lord, but why did you invite them at the same time?
Elizabeth spoke to you about her past.
She came here so you could help her fight her demons. She must have told you about her encounters with my mother.
Say nothing
... 
Remember, Louis, I was not the one who invited dear Elizabeth.
Indeed, it was me!
And you seem to forget it was you that we found right next to poor Elizabeth's body.
You had better start proving your innocence rather than trying to cast doubts on William here.
Tell them she was feeling better.
And believe it or not, Elizabeth extolled to me the virtues of her treatment.
She felt better and ready to cope with the ordeals of the outside world.
I beg your pardon?
Yes, she told me she had made peace with her old demons and was excited to begin her new life.
Ah, you see, Gregory, you were right to bring her here.
What a pity she was unable to benefit from it... 
She wanted to get me drunk.
Elizabeth made me drink, more and more, until I could hardly stand!
William, this young man is appalling.
Louis, given the seriousness of the situation you shouldn't try to pass yourself off as a victim.
How tactless!
She didn't threaten you if you wouldn't drink, did she? No one forced your hand.
Especially as it doesn't even answer the question.
And...  what happened next?
Then she told me she had poured laudanum in my glass.
The next minute I was on the floor.
When I woke up she was lying in a pool of blood.
That is all you have to say?
You expect us to believe that you have no idea what happened to her?
Yes, because I'm telling you the truth.
How can you possibly expect us to believe you?
Gregory, we must consider every possibility.
Louis, do you have any idea who could have done it?
Jacques Péru?
Why don't you ask him where he was last night.
Monsieur Péru? What would his motive be? Do you have any proof?
No, not exactly, but he'd already roughed her up once.
Monsieur de Richet, you should not accuse the first person to come along without at least some proof. I'm sure you are worthier than that!
Can you think of anyone else?
My mother.
Well, even if I can't believe for a single instant that my mother could have murdered someone in that manner... 
She might have wanted to stop Elizabeth from speaking about their mutual past.
And things might have turned nasty.
It is indeed a possibility.
It could have even been me.
Judging by the situation, I'm at the top of your list of suspects.
William gave you every opportunity to shift suspicion onto someone else... 
You have a very strange method of defending yourself, young man!
So, Louis, what would your motive be?
Well, given the abuse my mother inflicted on the young woman, I might have wanted to protect her reputation.
And tried to hush it up by getting rid of the only witness.
