I read your correspondences, Emily.
It's not what you think. So don't go thinking there's anything personal in it.
Are you trying to break Franco-American agreements, Emily?
That's the job, Louis. We're all doing everything we can to serve the best interests of our nation.
It's got nothing to do with you, or us.
But why didn't you tell me about it before?
Would you have told me?
Let her speak.
It doesn't really matter...  Look, Louis, the President and myself are working on a number of commercial contracts. Nothing overly exciting.
You're lying, Emily...  if these agreements come into being, they'll break Franco-American alliances for the greatest benefit of England.
In order to know.
Speak to her about the piece of fabric.
I found a torn piece of dress in Miss Adams' room. Grey silk.
Where's it from?
That's what I'm trying to find out. The color doesn't match any of Elizabeth's dresses, but I might not have found all of her clothes yet.
Good Lord, Louis...  I...  do you realize what this means?
If this piece of dress isn't from Elizabeth's...  Then it's...
I don't have any gray silk dresses, Louis. Neither does my sister since we wear the same clothes.
Yeah...  that's exactly what I wanted to check with you...
I'm so sorry, Louis.
Thank you...
Are you alright?
You know, I'm sure there's a good reason why your mother was at the scene.
Thank you, Emily.
The dagger was held by the hand of a woman.
We found the murder weapon.
What is it?
A dagger. Quite slim.
Have you found its owner?
Not yet, still searching, as it happens. That said, since the blade penetrated the body several times, the murderer's hand will have been covered in blood.
Hmm, you think that's a clue?
The handprint was a very slender hand, Emily. Probably that of a woman.
Do you realize what that means? There are only three of us on the island.
Bearing in mind that neither my sister nor myself had any reason to set upon the young lady... that means...
I know, Emily...  I know...
Keep up your courage, Louis...  I'm sure there's an explanation.. you're bound to shed some light on it all.
If what you say is true, Emily, I am less and less enthusiastic about shedding any light on the subject...
… Return
Leave
I won't keep you, Emily. Thank you for answering my questions.
See you, Louis.
Alright? Have you finished?
Not quite. I'd like you to answer a few questions.
Did you kill Elizabeth Adams?
Let's get right to it. Are you Elizabeth Adams' murderer?
That is for you to prove, if I'm not mistaken, boy.
You weren't expecting me to do all the legwork for you, were you? Lazy man.
I found his footprint at the scene.
I know you were at the scene.
We will save a lot of time if you just tell me what happened.
You know nothing at all!
Enlighten me, then. For now, I have your footprint in a pool of blood.
That's right. The only thing you can prove is one of my boots was at the scene.
Congratulations, you've wrapped up the investigation.
Do you enjoy hitting women?
Two days ago, I surprised you having a go at Miss Adams.
What happened? Did you want to give her another beating? She wouldn't let you push her around again?
Shut up, you little shit! You have no idea what happened and here you are carping away... 
You think you're investigator of the year...  Have you taken a look at yourself, de Richet?
Didn't you get enough, beating her black and blue the last time?
I did not... 
Don't let him off!
Why?
Nothing! Get away from me!
Just as soon as you stop treating me like I'm an idiot!
If you wanted people to think you were guilty, you couldn't have done any better!
So cut the bullshit and come clean, now!
I can't! He'll come for revenge.
Who?
No one! Just shut you trap, goddammit!
Yes, I was there! Yes, I walked in her blood!
You've got all you need to wrap it up, now scram!
Continue... 
Go on, keep going... 
Finish what you came to do, then get out of my room!
Has he still got his gun?
You were armed the night of my arrival. Can I see your weapon?
No.
You do realize you're not helping, don't you!? You're making it worse for yourself.
I found his letter, let's talk about it
I'd like to talk about the letter you're writing, what woman is it addressed to?
Who says it's a woman?
I'm not saying any more, there's no point you insisting.
I've finished
Goodbye, sir. We shall meet again.
Probably.
What do you want from me, de Richet?
Greetings, It's fallen to me that... 
Cut the crap. Get to the point, we both know why you're here.
And have you got anything to tell me?
What does it matter? It's too late anyway. Do what you have to do and get out... 
He doesn't look well.
It's never too late, sir. If you have something to say, now is the time.
You don't understand. Everything's already written. It's over.
Why is he behaving like the perfect culprit?
What is it that's already written? I'm not sure I follow you.
No, you don't... 
Search the room
What do you want from me, de Richet?
Greetings, It's fallen to me that... 
