I found a piece of fabric that appears to have belonged to her. It means she was present at the scene of the crime.
Any other proof?
That's all I have.
Interesting...  Nothing conclusive, mind you but very interesting.
Coming from you, the accusation of Emily is...  surprising, Louis. I shall endeavor to solve this case myself.
Given the distinguished guests and the political issues involved at the conference, I trust you will leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
An intuition
I have nothing tangible, but I'm certain that she is the culprit.
You accuse Emily of murder based on an intuition...
Emily Hillsborrow's sister.
I think that Emily Hillsborrow's sister is the culprit.
So, you know the truth about them. What proof do you have to support your conclusion?
The hand print of a woman
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had a hand print, from a slender hand that is, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
Hmm, there aren't many women among the guests...  Alright, anything else, Louis?
The piece of dress
I found a piece of fabric that appears to have belonged to her and, well, proves she was at the scene of the crime.
Hmm, interesting, anything else?
An intuition
I have nothing tangible, but I'm certain that she's the culprit.
You accuse someone of murder based on an intuition?
Emily has an alibi: me.
It can't be Emily because, well, we spent part of the night together...
Besides, to my mind no other woman has the capacity to do it.
An interesting alibi, although not very original. Anything else?
That's all.
Unfortunately, now you are going to find out why this assumption doesn't hold up.
The simple reason is this: your mother shot Emma on the night you arrived...
Are you joking? I...
My vision on the wharf...  the scene...  it took place as I was arriving!
I don't get it...
It perhaps won't come as a surprise to you but Emma and Emily shared the same identity in the eyes of the world.
They were more than just twins. They were the same person. Two members of the Order under the same name: Duchess Emily Hillsborrow.
So this is Emily's big secret: she's looking for her sister...  twin sister and partner! But why hide all this from me?
In any case, I've decided to take over the investigation from now on.
Emily has an alibi: Washington.
Emily's evening was...  busy. According to my information she even stayed to talk with Washington until the early hours of the morning.
Besides, to my mind no other woman has the capacity to do it.
An interesting alibi, even though not very original. Anything else?
Elizabeth Adams herself.
I believe it was suicide.
Suicide?!...  Louis, I...  I hope you have solid evidence...
The hand print of a woman
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had a hand print on it, a slender hand, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
And Elizabeth is the only female guest?  Come, Louis...  Anything else?
She took drugs.
She overdid the laudanum and the wine. Probably to take away her anxiety. She could have decided she couldn't go on and acted while she was not her normal self...
Sounds a bit far-fetched to me, but it isn't without logic. Anything else?
She was self-harming.
She was covered in scars from previous acts of scarification. That proves that she was prone to harming herself. Her suicide was the culmination of this...
What you say makes sense, but it's a little weak...  Haven't you anything else?
That's my belief, that's all.
It is my conviction that she killed herself...
So she stabbed herself nine times? Really? That's very hard to believe, Louis.
No, I meant to say...
I must think it through.
I'm going to need a bit more time to review my findings about the crime...
I do understand...  All the more so as it's crucial not to make any mistakes when it comes to naming the culprit.
I have clues but prefer to not accuse anyone
I'm sorry, my Lord, but I don't have any evidence conclusive enough to allow me to name the culprit with certitude.
Really? I see...  well, that's your decision, Louis, and I accept it.
Given the distinguished guests and the sensitive political issues involved at the conference, I trust you'll leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Goodbye.
I'll be in touch as soon as I have any more information...
Louis, I'm afraid this is simply not sufficient. This is a serious accusation, I need concrete evidence. That is why I am taking over this case, as of now.
The room is just opposite Mortimer's study.
The room is just opposite Mortimer's study.
Gregory, Louis told me we needn't be concerned..
Of course... 
Monsieur de Richet, the situation seems to escape your grasp, so I won't beat about the bush:
Did you kill Elizabeth Adams?
No, I did not!
What are you talking about? I... I only helped her!
We talked and...  she wanted to leave. I...  I imagine that's what she did, right?
We have found no trace of her leaving, Monsieur, so allow me to have my doubts.
Nor have we found any reason to believe that Louis is lying.
I don't remember
Everything's all mixed up in my head, I...  I'm sorry... 
Look...  We had a few drinks and...  I think I remember her putting laudanum in the wine and I...  I started getting dizzy... 
I don't remember anything about last night.
I don't think you could have provided a worse answer to that question.
Elizabeth is dead?
What? Elizabeth is dead?
No, now let us remain calm. We do not yet know, Gregory, precisely what has happened to our poor Elizabeth.
I beg your pardon!
So...  so what are...  what are you accusing me of, then?
We must remain calm, Gregory.
We have found no evidence that would suggest that Elizabeth has been murdered.
For the time being, she has only disappeared. Let's stick to the facts, if you please.
Well, where is she, then?
She must have gone home.
She's probably gone back home.
She didn't want to stay here any longer, she seemed very uncomfortable here.
Why imagine the worst?
Until there is evidence to the contrary, your mother is still lurking nearby and I dare not think what would happen were they to meet.
In fact, I don't know.
Last night when we talked, she said she felt uncomfortable here and spoke of leaving but didn't say where to.
Knowing Elizabeth, I am sure she must have spoken to you about your mother.
I don't see the connection.
What has my mother got to do with this?
