You can't blame yourself, you...  you couldn't have known that her days were numbered.
What is his alibi for last night?
I'm talking to all the guests to find out who has an alibi, and, well, who doesn't, Mr President.
Can you tell me what you were doing last night so that I can strike your name off the list?
I spent the night right here reading.
All night?
Exactly. Emily stopped by in the middle of the night, you can ask her. She wanted to talk about some business we have in common.
That corroborates Emily's version.
Anything whatsoever to do with Elizabeth?
Not at all, Louis. A business matter.
Ask him about the laudanum
Were you aware that Elizabeth took laudanum?
Yes, she came to ask me for some. She had finished her reserve, I believe.
Did he know why?
Did she tell your why she was so desperate to get some, Mr President?
She said she had terrible migraines that wouldn't go away.
More likely for the voices she heard, not the migraines.
Does he take a lot?
Do you take it regularly, Mr President?
Unfortunately, I do, Louis. I still suffer from a terrible toothache and it's not likely to get any better.
It's just for that then?
Old age, my young friend. I don't wish it upon you but you'll soon see. At my age, it's rare to have no problems in that domain.
And do you take a lot?
A moderate amount, Louis. Only the dosage indicated on the prescription of my doctor.
Anything else?... 
Do you know if she had any enemies?
Do you know if she had any enemies, Mr President?
Not that I know of.
I heard about her altercation with Mr Péru but that case was closed, if I'm not mistaken.
But if in doubt, I wouldn't leave any door unopened and I'd go and question your fellow countryman.
Don't worry. Countryman or not, I'm not letting anybody slip through the cracks.
Does he know why she was here?
Do you know why she came to the island?
To get help, if I'm not mistaken. Isn't that right?
Indeed. Sir Gregory suggested to her father, that he introduce her to Lord Mortimer, to see if he could help her.
Why invite her now then?
It would appear that she wasn't invited to the conference.
That doesn't surprise me. The poor girl was in no way concerned by our business and she had no political clout.
So I don't understand why Sir Gregory invited her during the conference of his good friend Lord Mortimer.
He must have realized that he wouldn't have much time to grant her. Preparing a conference does not seem an easy task.
On the evening of our arrival, Lord Mortimer didn't even welcome us, what with his being so busy and all.
Yes, you are right, Louis. I didn't think of that.
It is indeed rather surprising. The easiest thing to do is simply ask him, you know.
Of course... 
Let him finish
Yes, Lord Mortimer has a talent for healing, apparently.
I'm not surprised Sir Gregory advised her to come.
Agreed... 
Speak to him about the footprint.
Mr President, we found a footprint at the scene of the crime.
Not a dress shoe, I hope. That's all I wear.
No, rest assured, it looks like the print of a big ankle boot. Large size, I'd say.
Perfect, that should help you, Louis. It's a clue.
Return... 
Leave
I shan't keep you any longer, Mr President.
Feel free, Louis. If there's anything I can do, just ask.
Thank you, Mr President.
Examine the arm
There are numerous marks on the body. She must have fought like a lion.
It couldn't have happened without a lot of noise.
There are also a number of old scars.
Examine the scars
Scarring, ugh...  Scarring isn't very regular but they are mostly from old cuts.
Analyze the scars
The scars are superficial and were made several years ago. She wasn't trying to take her own life.
Meaning of scarring.
People who scar themselves in this way generally do so to relieve some kind of psychological suffering.
By trying to master the pain, they establish their self-control.
Examine the tattoos.
The Sigilum Dei Aemaeth
She had the Sigilum Dei Aemaeth tattooed on her. The symbol of the living God.
Written in the language of angels according to believers.
It is rare for someone to know about symbols like this at her age. Unless her mother was a tutor.
Observe the tattoos
The symbol of the Masons. What's that doing here?
Translate the texts
Ancient Greek...  Let's see what it means.
These are sacred chants intended to protect their bearer.
But from whom? Or from what?
… Return to the arm
… Return to the body
Examine the upper body
I count no fewer than...  9 wounds on the thorax, with a lot of blood. On first sight, I'd say that's what caused her death.
Examine the wounds
The wounds are clean and look like they've been inflicted by a sharp object.
Some of the lacerations have damaged vital organs: the heart...  the right lung which is perforated.
Most of them weren't given with much force. She might even have survived.
But the stab in the heart, though not all that deep, sealed her fate.
Observe the wounds
It looks as though the wounds were inflicted from a precise angle.
As if... 
As if the murderer was standing behind Elizabeth.
Examine the tattoos.
Some of these tattoos are veritable works of... 
What's that...  The skin between her breasts is different...  Bloody hell!
This tattoo was drawn on a page of leather and stitched onto her skin, probably during childhood, if the scars are anything to go by.
It's the same kind of tattoo as on the rest of her body.
… Return to the body
Examine the head
