Chapter 13 Verse 2
"And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore."
Chapter 19 Verse 5
"And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh."
Go back
Acts of the Apostles
Chapter 2 Verse 2
"And suddenly there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting."
Chapter 19 Verse 14
"And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so."
Chapter 10 Verse 8
"And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,"
Hey, there's a note here, a message from Mother in reply to E.
"We must leave urgently, but first I absolutely must go beyond the Nightmare. Watch out for Wöllner, he figured out I was avoiding him.
Allay suspicion: see you tomorrow evening, stand ready...  For now, let's cease all communication until we meet. Take care of yourself."
I suppose this must be the last message. What happened afterward? If it's what I suspect...  I fear the worst.
What did Mother mean by: “I absolutely must go beyond the Nightmare”?
Her contact must stand “ready”...  a woman, E...  it must be Emily...  or maybe Emma?
Chapter 6 Verse 11
"Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Epistles of Paul 1/2
Epistle to the Romans
Chapter 5 Verse 12
"Wherefore, as by one man, sin entered into the world, and death by sin:"
"And so death passed upon all men, for all have sinned."
Chapter 3 Verse 11
"There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God."
Chapter 11 Verse 11
"I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall, salvation is come unto the Gentiles…"
"... for to provoke them to jealousy."
Oh wait! A note from Mother is carefully folded between the pages here!
What does it say?
"Dear E,
I'm glad you found this note. I was afraid the code of the two groups of pilgrims would mislead you.
Pick up the package, you know where, and hide it where no one will find it.. it's imperative!
Awaiting your reply, hidden behind the youngest apostle."
What? The youngest apostle...What does Mother mean by that?
Chapter 7 Verse 14
"For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin."
Go back
Epistle to the Corinthians I
Chapter 6 Verse 20
"For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's."
Chapter 1 Verse 22
"For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:"
Chapter 15 Verse 19
"If we have hope in Christ in this life only, we are, of all men, most miserable."
Chapter 6 Verse 7
"Now therefore, there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law with one another."
"Why do ye not rather suffer injustice? Why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?"
Ah! Look! Here's a message!
"It is of paramount importance that no one finds it: watch out for the Prussian, he's on the trail.
Let's meet up. I'll leave it to you to organize the rendezvous; not today...  I'm unable to do it.
In the meantime, I'll follow the first group to Mark, who will reveal the answer to them."
And that first group of pilgrims...  how many are there now? If I refer to the Chapter I'm reading at the moment... 6.
Go back
Epistle to the Corinthians II
Chapter 3 Verse 8
"How shall not the ministration of the spirit not be more glorious?"
Chapter 13 Verse 7
"Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest,"
"for we are as reprobates."
Chapter 4 Verse 18
"Because we look not at the things that are seen, but at the things which are not seen:"
Chapter 2 Verse 15
"For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:"
Go back
Epistle to the Galatians
Chapter 1 Verse 8
"But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you, than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed."
Chapter 3 Verse 2
"This only would I learn of you, received ye the Spirit by the works of the law,"
"or by the hearing of faith?"
Chapter 1 Verse 15
"But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,"
Chapter 2 Verse 19
"For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Epistles of Paul 2/2
Epistle to the Philippians
Chapter 3 Verse 19
"Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame,"
"who think only of earthly things."
Chapter 1 Verse 7
"Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; in as much as both in my bonds,"
"and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace."
Chapter 4 Verse 8
"Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure,"
"whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things."
Chapter 2 Verse 14
"Do all things without murmurings and disputes:"
Go back
Epistle to the Ephesians
Chapter 4 Verse 17
"This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk,"
"in the vanity of their mind,"
Chapter 6 Verse 2
