Chapter 6 Verse 20
"For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's."
Chapter 1 Verse 22
"For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:"
Chapter 15 Verse 19
"If we have hope in Christ in this life only, we are, of all men, most miserable."
Chapter 6 Verse 7
"Now therefore, there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law with one another."
"Why do ye not rather suffer injustice? Why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?"
Ah! Look! Here's a message!
"It is of paramount importance that no one finds it: watch out for the Prussian, he's on the trail.
Let's meet up. I'll leave it to you to organize the rendezvous; not today...  I'm unable to do it.
In the meantime, I'll follow the first group to Mark, who will reveal the answer to them."
And that first group of pilgrims...  how many are there now? If I refer to the Chapter I'm reading at the moment... 6.
Go back
Epistle to the Corinthians II
Chapter 3 Verse 8
"How shall not the ministration of the spirit not be more glorious?"
Chapter 13 Verse 7
"Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest,"
"for we are as reprobates."
Chapter 4 Verse 18
"Because we look not at the things that are seen, but at the things which are not seen:"
Chapter 2 Verse 15
"For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:"
Go back
Epistle to the Galatians
Chapter 1 Verse 8
"But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you, than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed."
Chapter 3 Verse 2
"This only would I learn of you, received ye the Spirit by the works of the law,"
"or by the hearing of faith?"
Chapter 1 Verse 15
"But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,"
Chapter 2 Verse 19
"For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Epistles of Paul 2/2
Epistle to the Philippians
Chapter 3 Verse 19
"Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame,"
"who think only of earthly things."
Chapter 1 Verse 7
"Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; in as much as both in my bonds,"
"and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace."
Chapter 4 Verse 8
"Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure,"
"whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things."
Chapter 2 Verse 14
"Do all things without murmurings and disputes:"
Go back
Epistle to the Ephesians
Chapter 4 Verse 17
"This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk,"
"in the vanity of their mind,"
Chapter 6 Verse 2
"Honor thy Father and thy Mother, as this is the first commandment."
Chapter 6 Verse 14
"Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;"
Chapter 1 Verse 4
"In him God has chosen us before the foundation of the world, that we may be holy and blameless before him."
Go back
Epistle to the Hebrews
Chapter 2 Verse 8
"Thou hast put all things under his feet. For in that, he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him."
"But now we see not yet all things put under him"
Chapter 12 Verse 14
"Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:"
Chapter 6 Verse 8
"But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned."
Here's a message :
"There are some complications – indeed the Prussian is insistent. What's happening at your end?
Do you need help? If tonight is not possible, let's say tomorrow evening. In the south room where we reviewed the situation.
When Paul understood that only the acts counted, he went back on his tracks.
I await your confirmation to his left, in the company of the pilgrims that have joined him."
Yeah... this last comment is about their code. I should find new pilgrims near Paul.
Chapter 7 Verse 14
"For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood."
Go back
Epistle to the Thessalonians
Chapter 1 Verse 1
"Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians, which is in God the Father, and in the Lord Jesus Christ:"
"Grace and peace be unto you!"
Chapter 4 Verse 5
"Not in the lustful desire, even as the Gentiles who knew not God:"
Chapter 3 Verse 9
"For what thanks can we render to God again for you;"
"For all the joy we found in you, before our God"
Chapter 5 Verse 14
"Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded,"
"Support the weak, be patient toward all men."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Pastoral epistles and the Book of Revelation
James
Chapter 2 Verse 14
"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? Can faith save him?"
Chapter 5 Verse 9
"Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door."
