The murderer is a woman.
The print left on the knife near the body was left by a slender hand, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
And there aren't many female guests...  I see. Anything else, Louis?
An intuition
My instincts tell me that it was my mother who killed Elizabeth...
You accuse your own mother of murder based on an intuition?
It seems to me that I have committed an error by entrusting you with this investigation, Monsieur de Richet.
I think that's sufficient evidence.
I think that there is more than enough evidence here.
Indeed. It's very worrying. Everything seems to indicate that your mother is responsible for Elizabeth's murder.
Given the distinguished guests and the political issues involved at the conference, I trust you'll leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Now that we've examined the question from all sides, maybe you could explain to me why you asked me here, my Lord?
Emily Hillsborrow
Emily Hillsborrow is the guilty party.
Emily? Why?
The woman's hand print.
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had the print of a slender hand on it, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
Ah! And there aren't many women among the guests...  Anything else, Louis?
The piece of dress
I found a piece of fabric that appears to have belonged to her. It means she was present at the scene of the crime.
Any other proof?
That's all I have.
Interesting...  Nothing conclusive, mind you but very interesting.
Coming from you, the accusation of Emily is...  surprising, Louis. I shall endeavor to solve this case myself.
Given the distinguished guests and the political issues involved at the conference, I trust you will leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
An intuition
I have nothing tangible, but I'm certain that she is the culprit.
You accuse Emily of murder based on an intuition...
Emily Hillsborrow's sister.
I think that Emily Hillsborrow's sister is the culprit.
So, you know the truth about them. What proof do you have to support your conclusion?
The hand print of a woman
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had a hand print, from a slender hand that is, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
Hmm, there aren't many women among the guests...  Alright, anything else, Louis?
The piece of dress
I found a piece of fabric that appears to have belonged to her and, well, proves she was at the scene of the crime.
Hmm, interesting, anything else?
An intuition
I have nothing tangible, but I'm certain that she's the culprit.
You accuse someone of murder based on an intuition?
Emily has an alibi: me.
It can't be Emily because, well, we spent part of the night together...
Besides, to my mind no other woman has the capacity to do it.
An interesting alibi, although not very original. Anything else?
That's all.
Unfortunately, now you are going to find out why this assumption doesn't hold up.
The simple reason is this: your mother shot Emma on the night you arrived...
Are you joking? I...
My vision on the wharf...  the scene...  it took place as I was arriving!
I don't get it...
It perhaps won't come as a surprise to you but Emma and Emily shared the same identity in the eyes of the world.
They were more than just twins. They were the same person. Two members of the Order under the same name: Duchess Emily Hillsborrow.
So this is Emily's big secret: she's looking for her sister...  twin sister and partner! But why hide all this from me?
In any case, I've decided to take over the investigation from now on.
Emily has an alibi: Washington.
Emily's evening was...  busy. According to my information she even stayed to talk with Washington until the early hours of the morning.
Besides, to my mind no other woman has the capacity to do it.
An interesting alibi, even though not very original. Anything else?
Elizabeth Adams herself.
I believe it was suicide.
Suicide?!...  Louis, I...  I hope you have solid evidence...
The hand print of a woman
The knife found beside Elizabeth's body had a hand print on it, a slender hand, without a doubt the hand of a woman.
And Elizabeth is the only female guest?  Come, Louis...  Anything else?
She took drugs.
She overdid the laudanum and the wine. Probably to take away her anxiety. She could have decided she couldn't go on and acted while she was not her normal self...
Sounds a bit far-fetched to me, but it isn't without logic. Anything else?
She was self-harming.
She was covered in scars from previous acts of scarification. That proves that she was prone to harming herself. Her suicide was the culmination of this...
What you say makes sense, but it's a little weak...  Haven't you anything else?
That's my belief, that's all.
It is my conviction that she killed herself...
So she stabbed herself nine times? Really? That's very hard to believe, Louis.
No, I meant to say...
I must think it through.
I'm going to need a bit more time to review my findings about the crime...
I do understand...  All the more so as it's crucial not to make any mistakes when it comes to naming the culprit.
I have clues but prefer to not accuse anyone
I'm sorry, my Lord, but I don't have any evidence conclusive enough to allow me to name the culprit with certitude.
Really? I see...  well, that's your decision, Louis, and I accept it.
Given the distinguished guests and the sensitive political issues involved at the conference, I trust you'll leave me to conclude the case in my own way.
Goodbye.
I'll be in touch as soon as I have any more information...
Louis, I'm afraid this is simply not sufficient. This is a serious accusation, I need concrete evidence. That is why I am taking over this case, as of now.
I've come to speak about the findings of the investigation, my Lord.
I'm listening, Louis.
Remind me of the facts we already know.
Will you remind me of the facts we already know about?
Elizabeth Adams was killed last night.
But Piaggi was with Holm and I, until late at night.
As for Bonaparte and Washington, they left us after midnight, both tired.
I have a culprit.
I believe I've identified the murderer.
Really, Louis? All right then. Please think carefully before you give me your answer. This is a very very serious accusation.
It's one of the male guests.
Jacques Péru
It would appear that Monsieur Péru is the culprit.
Hmm...  what proof do you have against him?
He had a fight with her.
He hit her before yesterday evening, his Eminence Piaggi can testify to that fact.
