"Honor thy Father and thy Mother, as this is the first commandment."
Chapter 6 Verse 14
"Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;"
Chapter 1 Verse 4
"In him God has chosen us before the foundation of the world, that we may be holy and blameless before him."
Go back
Epistle to the Hebrews
Chapter 2 Verse 8
"Thou hast put all things under his feet. For in that, he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him."
"But now we see not yet all things put under him"
Chapter 12 Verse 14
"Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:"
Chapter 6 Verse 8
"But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned."
Here's a message :
"There are some complications – indeed the Prussian is insistent. What's happening at your end?
Do you need help? If tonight is not possible, let's say tomorrow evening. In the south room where we reviewed the situation.
When Paul understood that only the acts counted, he went back on his tracks.
I await your confirmation to his left, in the company of the pilgrims that have joined him."
Yeah... this last comment is about their code. I should find new pilgrims near Paul.
Chapter 7 Verse 14
"For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood."
Go back
Epistle to the Thessalonians
Chapter 1 Verse 1
"Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians, which is in God the Father, and in the Lord Jesus Christ:"
"Grace and peace be unto you!"
Chapter 4 Verse 5
"Not in the lustful desire, even as the Gentiles who knew not God:"
Chapter 3 Verse 9
"For what thanks can we render to God again for you;"
"For all the joy we found in you, before our God"
Chapter 5 Verse 14
"Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded,"
"Support the weak, be patient toward all men."
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Pastoral epistles and the Book of Revelation
James
Chapter 2 Verse 14
"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? Can faith save him?"
Chapter 5 Verse 9
"Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door."
Chapter 1 Verse 27
"Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction,."
"and to keep himself unsoiled by the world.”
Chapter 1 Verse 13
"Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted by God: for God cannot be tempted with evil,"
"and neither tempteth he any man."
Go back
Peter
Chapter 7 Verse 9
“Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?”
Chapter 1 Verse 1
"Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,"
Chapter 1 Verse 18
"Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold,"
"from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;"
Chapter 2 Verse 25
"For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls."
Go back
John
Chapter 3 Verse 5
"And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin."
Chapter 1 Verse 8
"If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us."
Chapter 2 Verse 11
"But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes."
Chapter 4 Verse 13
"Hereby know that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit."
Go back
Revelation to John
Chapter 5 Verse 12
"Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength,"
"and honour, and glory, and blessing."
Chapter 19 Verse 5
"And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great."
Chapter 6 Verse 6
"And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say,"
"A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine."
Chapter 12 Verse 14
"And the woman was given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place,"
"where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent."
Hey! A new note! It's been folded carefully in the corner of this page! The writing...  it's not my Mother's!
“S,
I found the book in your effects; I've concealed it where no one can get their hands on it, I can assure you!
Awaiting your instructions. I will hear your reply like he who hears the angel.”
Hears the angel? What does that mean? It's probably the place where she was expecting to get the location of the next note...
Go back
Go back to the beginning
Stop reading
I guess I'll just come back later.
Analyze the book
What is it?
A volume of the Gutenberg Bible.
A Gutenberg Bible...
This book is incredibly precious.
I believe this is the book my mother referred to when calling upon the Lord...
This Bible is famous
This volume dates from the first edition of Gutenberg. It's the first book that was ever printed!
