Go on, meanwhile I'll stay and help Emily recover.
Join us in front of the dining-room where Mortimer is resting, as soon as you have found it!
Are you sure you're ready? You're alright?
Yes... Yes I feel a lot better.
It's... It's all a bit strange.
I mean, here I am...the great granddaughter of Jesus.
And I've got hairy legs!
Sister, I believe we're ready for the endgame...
Von Wöllner tightened his political and spiritual grip on King Frederick William.
On the death of the king in 1797, Von Wöllner retired with his wife to his country estate in order to continue his work on his theological and alchemical thesis.
Manuel Godoy's close relationship with Napoleon enabled him to claim a part of Portugal, as well as the protection of France upon the fall of the Kingdom. He died in the company of his beloved mistress Pepita, after recovering all his titles and properties.
Napoleon Bonaparte continued his political and military rise, until his self-proclamation as Emperor. His excessive ambition would cost the lives of 1,700 000 Frenchmen and leave France poorer and weaker than ever before.
Deported and imprisoned by the British on Saint Helena island, he died on the 5th of May 1821 as an exile to general indifference.
During his second term, George Washington had to deal with a number of rebellions. He enraged public opinion by building close diplomatic links with Great Britain which made him have to give up a third term.
He retired to his country estate until his death, without being able to implement the annexation of the highly coveted Louisiana.
The duchess, through her close ties with the crown, made it possible for Great Britain to build closer links with the United States, on both the diplomatic and the commercial front.
She became inseparable from Marchioness Conyngham, reputed for being the most influential mistress of King George IV of England and whom she inducted into the Golden Order.
The duchess enabling Great Britain to build closer ties with the United States, on both political and commercial fronts, was her last diplomatic feat.
She gradually withdrew from the English court and had to retire in the country, supported by her ever-present friend, the author Jane Austen. They say that the duchess inspired her novel “Emma”, which became a best seller in 1816.
The Duchess remained close for a few years to the  royal couple, until George III's health inexplicably worsened. She suddenly vanished from the royal court on the advent of the regency by the Prince of Wales, George IV.
His Eminence, having successfully accomplished his mission, returned to his Holiness the Pope with full honors. Although all his ambitions had become possible, to the stupefaction of his entourage the Cardinal preferred to retire to his Tuscan monastery, far from all political and diplomatic commitments. Fascinated by the techniques of exorcism and demonology, he dedicated the last years of his life to the study of inquisition reports.
His Eminence payed dearly for disobeying his Holiness over his vote at the conference. It was consequently decided to withdraw him from diplomatic and political decision-making within the Papal States. It was rumored that his great age got the better of him and he was sent to end his days in a Tuscan monastery, where he died two years later.
His Eminence was obliged to justify himself on his return over the letter he had sent to his Holiness. His mental health was called into question and consequently, he was withdrawn from Papal State power. It was said in polite undertones that he had been sent to faraway retreat in order to hide his anonymous confinement in an asylum of Rome.
Elizabeth's family did everything in their power to find her on the indications provided by their friend George Washington. In vain, they lost her trail in the port of Brest, in France, and no one ever saw her again.
Sarah de Richet threw herself into the River Seine from the Pont des Arts before a crowd of dumbfounded bystanders just a few days after her son's return to Paris. He spoke of his aging mother's recent depression and took over the running of the Golden Order whose expansion was rapid.
Sarah de Richet suddenly left Paris, perhaps France even, when she found out about the death of her son off the coast of England.
She left the Golden Order orphaned. The order declined over the following years.
Sarah de Richet was never the same after the death of her son, Louis. She threw herself wholeheartedly into the development of the Golden Order. Although some qualified her theories as fanciful, she remained a leading figure of feminism of the XVIIIth century.
Sarah de Richet threw herself wholeheartedly in the development of the Golden Order. To help her, she relied on her second son, Jean, whom she introduced to Parisian society. Known for her eccentricities, no one was particularly surprised and the young man was able to tread in his mother's footsteps.
Sarah de Richet stepped down from the Golden Order and undertook numerous excursions to Eurasia in search of her son. She reportedly lived out her last moments in a yurt on the way back from the Verkhoyansk Mountain Range. She died ranting and raving for a new body...
Sarah de Richet never returned from her trip to the English isles. Her disappearance spelled the end for the Golden Order and was the object of gossip for just a few days at the court of France.
On his return to Paris, Péru gave himself up to his peers of the Revolutionary Courts. He admitted to being implicated in several state corruption cases. Found guilty of treason toward the Republic, he was executed without a trial.
On his return toParis, Péru resigned from his posting as judge at the Revolutionary Courts. He withdrew to the south of France with his daughter until his death.
No more was heard of Lord Mortimer. His sudden disappearance was the object of conversations in the European Courts, but only lasted a few months.
As Mortimer had planned, Napoleon Bonaparte sold Louisiana to the United States after purchasing it from Spain.
Bonaparte continued his political and military ascension, until he proclaimed himself Emperor  He went on to invade a large part of Central Europe.
The legend of Napoleon persisted after his death, conferring on the emperor the role of messiah for France.
Very popular, George Washington put an end to the internal rebellions without violence and reestablished trade agreements with Great Britain.
Finally, he sold Louisiana to France, as Lord Mortimer desired.
Upon his death, he became a national hero and left a nation in a state of mourning.
On his return to Spain, Manuel Godoy proceeded to give Louisiana up to France.
Later on, he became the target of the Crown Prince of Spain, Ferdinand VII.
The latter gave no respite to his mother's lover, going as far as condemning him to exile.
He confiscated all of Manuel's titles and possessions, as well as those of his mistress Pepita.
Pursued, they ended up living out their last years in France in poverty and anonymity.
The influence of Von Wöllner over King Frederic William ironically ended up going against him.
The sovereign thrust him into increasing repression until the end of his reign.
Von Wöllner became the object of the people's hatred, was therefore stripped of his titles and land by the new king, and died in general indifference and poverty in the Prussian countryside.
The duchess, through her close ties with the crown, made it possible for Great Britain to build closer links with the United States, on both the diplomatic and the commercial front.
She became inseparable from Marchioness Conyngham, reputed for being the most influential mistress of King George IV of England and whom she inducted into the Golden Order.
The duchess enabling Great Britain to build closer ties with the United States, on both political and commercial fronts, was her last diplomatic feat.
She gradually withdrew from the English court and had to retire in the country, supported by her ever-present friend, the author Jane Austen.
They say that the duchess inspired her novel “Emma”, which became a best seller in 1816.
The Duchess remained close for a few years to the  royal couple, until George III's health inexplicably worsened.
She suddenly vanished from the royal court on the advent of the regency by the Prince of Wales, George IV.
His Eminence, having successfully accomplished his mission, returned to his Holiness the Pope with full honors.
Although all his ambitions had become possible, to the stupefaction of his entourage the Cardinal preferred to retire to his Tuscan monastery, far from all political and diplomatic commitments.
Fascinated by the techniques of exorcism and demonology, he dedicated the last years of his life to the study of inquisition reports.
His Eminence payed dearly for disobeying his Holiness over his vote at the conference.
It was consequently decided to withdraw him from diplomatic and political decision-making within the Papal States.
It was rumored that his great age got the better of him and he was sent to end his days in a Tuscan monastery, where he died two years later.
His Eminence was obliged to justify himself on his return from the British Isles over the letter he had sent to his Holiness. Unable to say more about the “superior dark forces” that he evoked, his mental health was brought into question.
He was consequently withdrawn from Papal State power and it became preferable to speak politely about a faraway retreat when referring to his anonymous confinement in an asylum of Rome.
Elizabeth's family did everything in their power to find her on the indications provided by their friend George Washington. In vain, they lost her trail in the port of Brest, in France, and no one ever saw her again.
Sarah de Richet threw herself into the River Seine from the Pont des Arts before a crowd of dumbfounded bystanders just a few days after her son's return to Paris. He spoke of his aging mother's recent depression and took over the running of the Golden Order whose expansion was rapid.
Sarah de Richet suddenly left Paris, perhaps France even, when she found out about the death of her son off the coast of England.
She left the Golden Order orphaned. The order declined over the following years.
Sarah de Richet was never the same after the death of her son, Louis. She threw herself wholeheartedly into the development of the Golden Order. Although some qualified her theories as fanciful, she remained a leading figure of feminism of the eighteenth century.
Sarah de Richet threw herself wholeheartedly in the development of the Golden Order. To help her, she relied on her second son, Jean, whom she introduced to Parisian society. Known for her eccentricities, no one was particularly surprised and the young man was able to tread in his mother's footsteps.
Sarah de Richet stepped down from the Golden Order and undertook numerous excursions to Eurasia in search of her son. She reportedly lived out her last moments in a yurt on the way back from the Verkhoyansk Mountain Range. She died ranting and raving for a new body...
Sarah de Richet never returned from her trip to the English isles. Her disappearance spelled the end for the Golden Order and was the object of gossip for just a few days at the court of France.
On his return to Paris, Péru gave himself up to his peers of the Revolutionary Courts. He admitted to being implicated in several state corruption cases. Found guilty of treason toward the Republic, he was executed without a trial.
On his return to Paris, Péru resigned from his posting as judge at the Revolutionary Courts. He withdrew to the south of France with his daughter until his death.
No more was heard of Lord Mortimer. His sudden disappearance was the subject of conversations in the European Courts, but only for a few months.
There's a servant, just my luck!
I'll have to be quick and discreet!
Louis, I've been expecting...
Oh... I see you haven't come alone...
To what do I own the honor, Duchess?
I thought this discussion should concern the whole family...
Surprise, father...
Emily...
Emma...
You brought her back from the Ether.
Well, I am impressed, my children.
It's over, Father...
We can't let you go on like this...
Enough!
Ah!
Louis!
Who on earth do you think you are, for heaven's sake!
Did you think I wouldn't know what you are planning?
You are mere insects, compared to me!
You never had a chance!
Help! My head!
Let's do it!
Now!
Ah! How dare you?
Keep going, it's working!
You creatures are pitiful!
