But killing William won't bring him back.
You don't understand.
There are rules!
I know your rules
I know what he wants to hear!
According to the family rules, we're not allowed to kill a family member.
I congratulate you, Louis.
You have understood.
GOOD OUTCOME
I believe you have earned a place in our family.
I cannot wait to introduce you to the others... But first of all, William must pay for everything he has done.
Let's go, now! It's time to get this over and done with.
BAD OUTCOME
Now I know all I need to know...
You had everything you needed to understand.
But you only dabbled, where you should have been devoted.
What do you mean?
As a member of our family, you have certain responsibilities
Such as for example, learning all about our customs, and our rules.
If you had bothered to learn these things, you would have known that it is forbidden to attack a member of our family.
And if we want our rules to be respected, we must abide by them, without any exceptions!
There is too much of him in you.
I therefore condemn you, Louis de Richet.
No, no, no, wait!
I condemn you to the eternal night... You will be entombed alive forever more!
But, you...you lied to me...give me another chance...
Never! You will never see the light of day again!
I... No!
William!
Gregory should never have trusted you!
I knew he shouldn't have come here, you evil little cockroach!
No, Father, wait...
It's over, my son! You've gone too far this time!
Oh, Father, by the way, I have a little surprise for you...
Ah! Now what have you done?
Let me introduce you to my new servants...
You know, I have studied our talents closely and as you see, they are...
Do you really think that mutilating your servants so that they can't hear is going to save you?
Well, I admit that was the idea...
You are pathetic...
On your knees!
Aahhh!!! I can feel you entering!!...
Your ego has always been your weakness, my son.
You are your worst enemy.
When will you understand that no lock is impenetrable!
I... No!
If you are the only one who can master them, all I need to do is master you...
Stop, no...
You gambled, you lost!
Look, Louis!
Look at him!
Is that what you chose to follow?!
Stop!
He's my Father...
I respect your feelings, but he has gone much too far!
This is what happens when you attack the family!
What do you feel when you see your progenitor like this?
Absolutely nothing!
I never trusted him. He got exactly what he deserved.
Like you said. He gambled, and he lost.
You were wise to follow my son Gregory.
You made the right choice.
You broke the most important of our family rules, William!
The one that gives meaning to all the others: "Thou shalt not kill!"
Never, ever kill a member of our family!
What's going to happen to him?
He will be buried alive.
But don't worry about that. It is over.
Everything that belonged to him is yours now.
And I am proud to welcome you among us.
Thank you...
You deserve to join us, Louis.
You have great potential and many things to learn.
Come! Come to me!
I'm coming!
So, I have to link into the Ether.
What does that mean?
Empty the mind
Right, let's start by trying to clear my mind...
I have to get rid of any ideas that might distract me.
Concentrate on Holm
Right, think about Holm.
Come on, Louis, concentrate.
Nothing's happening
That can't be right.
Concentrate on the Ether
Come on, Louis, you've already been there, concentrate.
Remember what you felt.
There it is, I sense something.
It's getting closer.
My head... It hurts like hell.
I... I hope I've made the right choice.
Holy shit! What am I doing?
I should have been more careful! Mortimer warned me about this!
What's... I've managed to come back!
That was a close one!
No! No! No!
Let me out of here!
AAAAAAaahhhhhhh !
Don't fight...
