Louis! No!
What on earth are you talking about?!!
I should never have trusted you again!!
We have lost everything because of you!!
Here, my daughter. I'm proud of you.
You know what to do if you want to make sure she never betrays you again...
Louis!
You see! You've lost, Father!
You.. you did it...
You did it!
We did it!
I never really thought we'd manage to pull it off... but we did!
Stop!
As the son of Lord Mortimer, I order...
Louis!
Shame really, you had such promise...
You were supposed to be my next vessel... what a pity that you poisoned yourself.
Right.
Take the Lance from my son and finish him off.
Then do the same with the other one.
And clean the mess up !
Yes, master.
Louis... I was expecting you.
Do you feel better?
Yes, yes, don't worry, I'll be alright.
I wanted to speak with you about what's going to happen next.
Ah, there you are, at last.
Excuse me... I... Sir Gregory's death...
Must have upset your plans... Yes, I should think so, given that you gave him your allegiance.
But I did warn you to choose sides carefully.
But you didn't tell me you were planning to kill him, you snake!
You wished to speak to me?
Yes.
Louis... at last.
You wanted to see me?
Let's get it over with, shall we?
I've grown tired of all this...
But before we begin, I would like you to give me back the Holy Lance, please.
Now that Gregory is gone, you won't be needing it anymore, and I prefer to put it back in its place.
Give it to him
Of course.
Here you are, Father.
Thank you.
Congratulations, by the way.
You managed to find the right one among all the copies. I'm impressed.
You wouldn't have been able to do much with it anyway, given it isn't the right one.
You mean I got the wrong one?
Now don't blame yourself. There was a reason why I put it with all those copies.
If you had been forced to use it, you would never have prevented one of us from changing bodies.
Lie to him, Louis! Keep it!
I no longer have it...
Napoleon has got it
Didn't Monsieur Bonaparte give it back to you?
No...
So, the rascal stole it from you, did he?
It's not something I'm proud to admit, but yes.
He thought I was trying to rob you and that it would compromise the conference...
How typical of him.
I put it back in its place
So at the insistence of Monsieur Bonaparte, I put it back in its place.
Come, Louis... you... you can't do that to me.
Don't be childish, please.
Come on!
Finally, give him...
This conference will have been one of the most eventful I have ever known...
I'll just have to take your word for it.
Before I get to why we're here, you must know that I've been watching you very closely over these past few days.
I was impressed by your intervention to prevent Péru from killing himself!
You remind me of myself when I was starting out!
I won't hide the fact that I was disappointed that you did not succeed in saving Jacques Péru.
You handled that situation very badly...
I won't hide the fact that I was disappointed with you for having taken so many risks with Jacques Péru.
Look where it got you. You could have died.
As for the door of my crypt... No one had ever found out how to open it before you.
As far as the door of my crypt is concerned, it is a pity that you lost your hand while trying to open it...
You succeeded in telling the Hillsborrow twins apart...
Even for me that wasn't an easy thing to do at first!
You committed a serious mistake in proving unable to tell your sisters apart... causing the death of the most promising of the two.
I remain proud of what you achieved for me by falsifying that letter to the pope on behalf of Piaggi, because I know that was not an easy task...
I won't lie to you: I was surprised and above all disappointed when I found out you had tried to discredit me with his Holiness by writing a letter to the Papal States...
Damn it! He found out...
What an unpleasant surprise it was, when I found out that you had tried to warn the Papal States against Gregory and me!
Did you really think you could succeed?
Damn it! He found out about that...
Anyway, now it's time to put an end to things, once and for all, Louis.
The poison that runs through your veins has definitively deprived you of the hopes I had placed in you.. through your own faults.
It can't blow the whole thing.
But...but I've always been loyal to you.
I know you have.
More's the pity...
Not to worry! I'm sure I'll to survive!
Don't you worry about it, Father.
I'm a Daemon! And I'm your son!
I'll make it through!
I don't think so...
It suffices to find the antidote!
There must be an antidote, right?
I'm afraid it's too late...
At least for the continuation of my project.
I'll be honest with you, Louis, though it pains me.
