Did you not seek out the Lance of Longinus?
The very lance that pierced my side! The one you thought you could kill Daemons with!
Oh yes, you were very much involved in all of this, young Louis!
There is no point in you denying the truth.
I voted for Holm at the conference!
Look, I'm not the one responsible for this chaos.
I decided to follow your son, Gregory.
Yet in the first session of the conference, you chose to follow William, did you not?!
But that didn't count for the final vote.
I didn't know then about all the dark twists and turns things were going to take.
I wonder what your word is worth. Especially after seeing the ease with which, when your sister came to your room on the night of the first session, you changed sides.
But it was in favor of your son, Gregory.
That is true.
[Lie] I voted for Holm at the conference!
I risked everything to follow your son Gregory...
Liar...
You did not follow Gregory for the vote.
You therefore have no honor.
I saved Elizabeth!
Ever since I got here, I've done everything in my power to try and make things right!
Thanks to me, Elizabeth is alive!
And without her, I had no one to enable me to follow what was going on here!
Do you think that you succeeded?
I fell into a trap!
Nothing at all, I...
I was invited here to look for my mother who had gone missing!
You mean, your sister!
I didn't know that at the time.
In any case, I didn't know anything about any of this! I'd never even met your two sons!
And the more time went by, the more the trap closed around me!
But you've survived so far.
You can be proud of that.
When you got wind of William's plans about the conference, did you tell Gregory?
Yes
Yes, of course!
As soon as we left the conference room!
You were right to do so.
[Lie] Yes
Naturally! I didn't hesitate for a single moment.
How dare you try to mislead me!
You lie as you breathe!
No point denying it.
No! But I had only been here a short time!
I didn't trust Gregory any more than I did William!
I came here for Sarah's sake, not to take part in all their twisted machinations.
Certainly, but you made your choice!
Deciding not to act is a choice like any other...
[Lie] No
To tell you the truth, I really don't think so.
It seemed like just a detail, given that it was impossible for William to win the vote.
There were too many of us behind Gregory for him to lose...
No, Louis, indeed you did warn him.
You can trust me. If you have nothing to feel guilty about, then there's no reason to be afraid to tell me the truth...
Tell him what he wants to hear
Ever since I got here, I haven't stopped giving him advice to protect him from Father's plans.
Not once did I...
Now you are trying to manipulate me...
Stop this at once! Do not take me for a fool...
So then, what did you do to thwart William?
I protected my sisters
I did everything in my power to help my sisters get through all of this, despite the discord that William sewed between all of us!
Despite my anger...
It cannot have been easy...
I congratulate you for putting the family before your own interests.
I tampered with a letter to the Vatican
When William asked me to enter Piaggi's mind in order to send a false letter to the Pope to discredit Gregory, I didn't do it.
Without telling William, I wrote a very different letter instead.
I see.
Congratulations, you did dare to take a few risks.
I stole the Lance to kill him
When Sarah told me about the power of the Lance of Longinus, I made every effort to find it, in order to eliminate him!
And look at what it has cost me!
I have sacrificed myself by trying to put an end to his plans, can't you see that?
You could not have given a worse answer.
And you?
That just shows that you weren't there!
And you?
What did you do to prevent all this from happening?
How many centuries has your son been like this? It didn't all just start yesterday, did it!
When I listen to you talk, it feels like I'm listening to him.
We are almost done here, Louis.
Tell me... In your opinion, what should I do with William?
Kill him once and for all
We have to eliminate him once and for all! He deserves to die!
Are you sure?
Bury him alive
I think you should bury him alive.
For an eternal being, I think that punishment would be fitting. Because according to the family rules, we're not allowed to kill a family member....
I certainly agree with you on that point. He deserves no less!
I see you have understood...
Do the same to him as he did to Gregory
You may as well do to him what he did to Gregory!
That would end his existence, once and for all...
He deserves it!
Are you sure?
Forgive him
Give him one more chance.
I'm sure there's still some good left in him.
But he killed Gregory...
I know, I know...
