I have no other choice, I must face Mortimer alone.
But he's way too powerful for me to face him unarmed...
The Holy Lance Napoleon took from me... He probably still has it. I must get it back!
The Holy Lance is all I need. Let's get this over with!
Who goes there?
Elizabeth? But I saw y... you're dead!
Elizabeth? But... I thought you'd left this island!
You're not Elizabeth!
WHO ARE YOU?
My name is Louis de Richet!
MINDREADING
Who the hell is that thing?
Who are you?
You dare call me "thing"?
I warn you: audacity such as that could cost you dearly.
But I...
Am I imagining things or... or did he hear my thoughts?
Who is he?
With all due respect, would you be so kind as to tell me who I'm addressing, please?
I am the Father of all, founder of our lineage, the great architect of the laws that govern us.
It's the father of Holm and Mortimer!
Why take on the appearance of Elizabeth Adams?
So that is how you see me?
Here, everything is mere make-believe.
Your mind is working to give me an appearance that you can understand...
He is the voice that Elizabeth kept hearing!
You're the one Elizabeth kept hearing in her head!
You're the one who gnawed at her from inside her mind, year after year!
Who dares speak to me in that tone of voice?
She spent her life trying to escape from you!
And it was all for nothing!
No one can escape from me!
I thought Elizabeth was dead!
And she is!
I am not Elizabeth Adams.
But her fate matters not!
Is Elizabeth still alive?
She is.
But that is not what concerns us now!
Louis... So you have come back.
I'm rather surprised... Coming and going in the Ether is not something that every novice can do.
I see that you've reconsidered my proposal...
Yes, let's say some things have changed.
Indeed, I sense a difference somewhere... An upheaval in the equilibrium of the Ether...
MINDREADING
I am an ally of Sir Gregory.
I am or... rather I was, an ally of Sir Gregory.
Ah! The conference is over then.
Yes...
Sir Gregory won the vote but it seems that Lord Mortimer had no intention of letting him win and and poisoned him...
Not only has Lord Mortimer won the vote, but it seems he had planned to do away with Sir Gregory by poisoning him.
Ah! How wicked! I expected such!
He dared to attack his own brother!
I'll make him pay for that!
Holm is dead
Sir Gregory is well and truly dead.
No! That cannot be!
William used his own blood.
No! That is impossible!
The wicked traitor!
He waited to be in an older mortal coil than his brother's!
What an abomination of our nature!
I will make him pay for his arrogance a hundredfold!
We must avenge Holm
Something unnatural has happened.
William has killed Gregory... with his own blood.
No! How dare he!
What an abomination!
He's become dangerous.
He must be stopped by any possible means!
Yes, but there's nothing you can do on your own...
Gregory told me to come here and...
Let me take care of him...
MINDREADING
Is he the ally I'm looking for?
I'm here to find an ally.
Would you...
Gregory brought you to me.
Be glad, you've just found the very ally you were looking for!
[Leave] Leave the Ether
Hurry up, Louis!
Get out of here!
Wait...
I have an offer to make to you.
My offer still stands.
LEAVE
Wait! Come back!
LISTEN TO THE OFFER
Louis!
There's something I'd like to understand before we go any further.
What is it that you'd like to know?
First, know that you are not responsible for your father's errors.
However, you must answer for your own actions.
Uh oh... I'd better tell him what he wants to know.
Tell me, Louis, what is your share of responsibility in all this?
I haven't done anything!
Nothing, nothing at all!! I... I haven't done anything that would make me responsible for all this chaos!
Too busy seeking solace in the skirts of your sister, perhaps...
You have forgotten that you followed William during the conference where his only motive was to attack our family!
Right from the very first session of this conference, you followed William like a sheep!
