Aaahhhhhh !!!! Nooo ! No ! Stop ! Aaaaaahhh !!!
I won...
Emily?
Yes ! What's happening, Louis?
You look...
I... Ho... Holm is dead!
Good God, he did it!
What do you mean?
He warned me that Mortimer would probably try to get rid of him.
He couldn't believe it himself but we have to admit that he was right to be wary...
We are in great danger, Louis!
Wait... What are you talking about?
When Gregory came to warn me, he assured me that we would be the next to go down.
But why, though?
I don't understand.
Why would Mortimer attack us?
His brother, then his children...
He feeds on us...
Pardon me?
The bastard! It's been right under our noses all this time, Emily!
Saturn devouring his children!
And without Gregory to obstruct him, now we're easy prey!
No... No, it's... it's impossible, no...
He's insane, Emily...
But... but don't worry, we're together now!
And he doesn't know that we know! Which means that we have the advantage!
It's a nightmare...
But that's impossible!
He's our father!
I'm only repeating what Gregory told me.
Why would Father attack us?
But why, then?
For what cursed reason?
I really don't know!
I'm only repeating what Gregory told me.
Did she believe him?
And you think he was telling the truth?
Yes, frankly I think he was right.
Don't worry, we're not gonna just give up!
When I brought up the possibility of us running away as quickly as we could, Gregory dissuaded me.
He thought that Mortimer would see it coming and that we would have no chance.
I guess I agree with him.
And now we're here, I'm not gonna let him get away with it!
There's two of us now, Emily! We can count on each other!
Well... on that note... I haven't told you everything, Louis.
This might be a bit hard for you to accept, so I wanted to warn you.
There are three of us...
Surprise, brother!
Excuse me?
It's Emma, Louis.
Just before he disappeared, Holm explained to me how to bring her back from the Ether.
We were pressed for time and...
...and the only body she could find was one of those cursed servants!
Can you believe it?!
Emma, don't start, please.
I didn't exactly have much of a choice.
Be that as it may, I'm the one inside the body of a masked lackey!
I had to deal with the most urgent thing first!
We'll try and get you out of there as soon as we can.
Just as I promised you.
And I'll make sure you make good on your commitment, sister!
Emma, for the last time...
She is better. Don't worry.
Being a Daemon changes many things and the prospect of getting stuck in the Ether for eternity has opened her eyes.
I don't trust her
Frankly, Emily, you're asking a lot from me...
We don't have the choice, Louis.
Trust me, I have faith in her
Are you sure about it?
Well, I guess it's your decision...
But I hope you know what you're doing!
Are we ready? Can we go now?
Louis, at this point, it doesn't matter what you think about me. You need me!
I'm guessing you are well aware of what we're about to face, aren't you?
Not really, no.
That's just what gives us a chance, is it not?
It's usually the only argument the reckless have in their favor.
Take heart, we're only about to confront an age-old creature that can read our thoughts and force us to act against our will and wants to devour us.
So, what's the problem?
If that is your attitude, I suggest we reevaluate the possibility of running away.
Stop it! Let's all just calm down!
Only a few minutes ago, it was just the two of us!
Things are looking up, our chances are only getting better!
How do we get rid of him then?
Killing him won't change a thing, normally.
He is capable of changing bodies.
I know how to kill a Daemon!
And the irony of it is, he's the one who revealed it to me.
We have to make him touch the blood of an older Daemon in order to encase him in his mortal body.
This is the only way that might give us a chance of dealing him a fatal blow.
And I've got the Holy Lance!
What's that got to do with Daemons?
Christ was his father.
Believe me, if we get out of here alive, I'll have a lot of juicy details to tell you about the family.
This lance actually received the blood of an ancient Daemon, and it can work on Mortimer.
Let's do it then!
So all we need to do is find the blood of an... ancient...
The Lance of Longinus...
I'll take care of it. I know what to look for!
Meanwhile I'll stay and help Emily.
