He was your brother!
Why did you kill him? He never meant you any harm.
Louis, I am exhausted.
Let's talk about this later.
I want to know!
No! Tell me why now! I want to understand!
Uh...Stubborn as a mule...
After centuries of trying to convince him, I assure you I had no other option than to do away with him.
He would never have allowed me to depose our father.
In the past, he had already opposed me, and sometimes very violently.
He seemed to you like a man of peace because you did not represent any danger to him.
But I can assure you he was not...
With anything to do with our father, he would be merciless.
I see
In any case, what's done is done.
I am going to rest in the dining-room.
Join me there when you are ready.
The time has come to end this little anti-social gathering.
I did well not to follow Holm, didn't I.
Come on, let's get it over with, and join Mortimer in the dining-room.
The bastard. He planned to kill his own brother all along.
I absolutely must stop him!
Holm told me to go to Elizabeth's room! That I'd find an ally there!
I'd better go there straight away!
No doubt about it, this family is rotten to the marrow...
I did right not to trust them!
Holm told me that my last resort was to find my sister.
I hope Emily is in her room.
I hope Emma will be able to help me.
Right... all I have to do now is confront Mortimer.
Given what just happened to Gregory, I'd better get armed before I go and see my dear father.
The blood of an older Daemon... that's not something you can find just anywhere.
Napoleon took the Holy Lance from me, may as well start there, otherwise I'll have to find something else...
Monsieur Bonaparte is not available, I must ask you to please...
What's the matter with him?
What's wrong with him?
Er... He is feeling faint... He will make a swift recovery with some calm and rest, sir.
But he's my friend!
Look, as well as being a fellow countryman, Napoleon is above all a dear friend!
I... Of course, sir... I... I... I was not awa...
I think it's perfectly natural for me to be worried and for you to let me go to him!
Yes, sir... I... I was not aware, sir. Er... I shall let you be with him a few moments, in that case, sir.
Thank you, my good man.
I'd like to examine him.
That is precisely why I'm here! I believe I know what he's suffering from.
I need to examine him but it... but it won't take long.
Sir, I... Yes, of course. I shall let sir have a few moments with him in that case.
You're most kind.
Napoleon is attempting to betray Lord Mortimer
I shan't beat around the bush, my good fellow!
I have every reason to believe that Monsieur Bonaparte has betrayed your master's trust!
But I still need to find the proof by inspecting his personal effects...
So I'd be much obliged if you would stand out of my way!
I say, sir, that is a grave accusation! My master knows and appreciates Monsieur Bonaparte...
Lord Mortimer, at least “he” trusts me
Right, listen, my good fellow, Lord Mortimer trusts me so I suggest you do likewise and not antagonize him, that's my advice!
Forgive me, sir, but my master asked us to be on guard with regard to Sir Gregory's allies. I do apologize, sir.
Lord Mortimer, at least “he” trusts me
You're questionning Lord Mortimer's faith in me if I understand rightly?
Well, I'm sure he'll be delighted to find that out...
But... I... It is true that sir has recently helped my master a good deal and...
Come, sir, as you obey Lord Mortimer...
Even though it has not always been so...
You have seen something....
What's the matter? You seem to be a bit troubled all of a sudden...
Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary?
I... Yes, indeed, sir... I remember being surprised by... an object.
I found something in Napoleon's effects... a lance head.
Just what I thought! Well done, my friend, your master will be proud of you!
I shall tell him that you... Have you a name?
Well, it's just that...
A number? Maybe a letter?
...
No matter... He will be proud! Anyway... I must lay my hands on that lance and give it back to Lord Mortimer.
Keep an eye on him while I search and don't hesitate to knock him out should he wake up!
Very well, sir.
Leave
Be... damned...
I'd better get ready before I go...
Right... Now's the time to join Mortimer.
I won't be able to go back after...
COME IN
Here we go...
DO NOT ENTER
Louis, there you are!
Look, she's better.
Perfect.
Good... Are you ready, Louis?
Can we go?
READY
Yes. Let's get it over with!
JUST A BIT LONGER
No, not yet.
Be quick, we are waiting for you here.
What are you doing?
Oh, Monsieur Wöllner asked me to prepare his belongings in anticipation of his imminent departure, sir.
His departure? So quickly?
Oh yes, he seemed to be in rather a hurry.
Ah, very well. Would you know where I might bump into him one last time?
Ah, if sir would like to say goodbye, sir will find him in his room.
