Do you know where Mortimer is?
In the dining-room.
Join us there when you're ready, then.
Very well, I'll be as quick as I can!
Are you sure you're ready for this? Will you be alright?
Yes... Yes I feel a lot better...
Don't worry about me.
As you wish.
Well, I hope Emma has fully recovered !
E... Emma... excuse me for turning up like...
Louis... Your timing is perfect!
I'm not so sure.
Holm is dead.
Killed by Mortimer?
How does she know?
How do you know that...
Holm!
He warned me that it was probably going to happen.
Yes
I saw it with my own eyes but you don't seem surprised.
Can you explain?
Sorry, there's not enough time to.
Looks like she's better...
Louis... I have brought Emily back from the Ether.
I beg your pardon?
It was the last thing Holm did, as if to give us a chance of making it through....
He guided me step by step just before he disappeared.
Unfortunately, I could only bring her back in the body of a servant.
Couldn't you find someone better?
Are you serious? You brought her back in the body of a man?
Have you seen many women on the island? No.
So I had to make do and anyway, she'll have all the time she needs to find another body if we get out of here alive.
I don't think now is the right time to be cherry-picking bodies.
How does she feel?
And how does she feel about it?
Right now, she's asleep next door.
I must say that between that and all I had to tell her to sum up the situation, it was rather a lot to take in.
But she should feel better soon. Let's just give her a bit more time.
So you can bring Sarah back?
Then... could you bring Sarah back?
I'm sorry, Louis, but I'm afraid Sarah is condemned to stay in the Ether forever.
If I understand rightly, she has never been able to prove her worth. As if her talents were...diminished somehow.
I don't want to rush you but time is short.
We are in great danger.
When Holm sensed his death was imminent, he warned me that we would be next.
It was to be expected.
But why attack us?
Good God! I know why!
We are his children...so...
Good God! The bastard!
What? Louis! What's the matter?
He's going to devour us...
What are you talking about?
I've seen what he did to Holm, Emma.
He's going to absorb us, I know it.
I think this has been his plan all along!!
Explain yourself!
The paintings!
He announced it to us from the start!
Look in your room! The paintings about you! William Pitt, the Queen of England! There's even an orphanage!
Who chose all the paintings ? He did !
So what?
My paintings are Saturn devouring his children, The Fall of the Damned, The Incredulity of Saint Thomas!!
He's been laughing at me the whole time!!
And where is he waiting for me right now? In the dining-room!
Remember... What are the paintings in the dining-room?
Pigs, I think...
Yes... Circe turning her guests into pigs, so they themselves become the meal!
The sick bastard!
We aren't gonna let him get away with it!
Holy shit, I think I know.
Good God, I know what he's thinking!
He's obsessed with Cronos and Zeus.
That's true but what's the connection?
He thinks he's both... now one, now the other...
What do you mean?
Looking at the statue in the Great Hall, it's easy to imagine him as Zeus.
And by doing away with his brother, he is about to start a war of the Gods. I'll bet he's planning to attack his father, Emma.
And besides that, he also thinks he's Cronos, devouring his children to ensure that none of his sons will turn against him.
In mythology, Cronus doesn't attack his daughters, if I remember rightly...
Are you serious?!
Do you really want to take that chance?...
No, no. I was just saying...
You can count on us!
Say nothing
You wouldn't know how to defeat an ancient, child eating, all powerfull Daemon, would you?
Well, believe it or not, he gave me the answer himself...
We're gonna need the blood from a Daemon older than him.
And it just so happens that I have the Holy Lance.
It touched the blood of Christ.
What's the connection?
You're not trying to say that Christ is...
I'll have to ask you to trust me on this one.
Once this is over, we'll all have a few bones to pick but for the time being...
Alright, alright! We'll follow you!
Good...
Let's go then!
Sarah thought that the Holy Lance had tremendous power over Mortimer...
I'm going to try to find it.
I'm going to pretend I didn't understand what that implies.
