If only you hadn't poisoned yourself!
Anyway... Don't blame yourself, you fought like the devil right up to the very end.
You can be proud of yourself!
No... it's not fair...
You can't always win, Louis.
What a waste...
I defeated Lord Mortimer using the Holy Lance
I defeated Lord Mortimer using the nail of the Holy Cross
I was possessed by Lord Mortimer 
I was defeated by Lord Mortimer
I died of poisoning
I defeated Lord Mortimer with my sisters
I refused to let Asahel take possession of my body
I let Asahel take possession of my body in order to confront Lord Mortimer
I convinced Asahel of my innocence
I was condemned to be locked up for eternity by Asahel
I did not take Al Azif back to the continent
I left the island safe and sound
I saw Lord Mortimer being imprisoned for eternity
I failed to kill Lord Mortimer
I failed to prevent Lord Mortimer from taking possession of Lady Hillsborrow
I got help from the Hillsborrow sisters to confront Lord Mortimer
I could have seen Lord Mortimer being locked in eternity
I failed to leave the island safe and sound
I failed to convince Asahel of my innocence
I brought Al Azif back to the continent
You found the lance?
Where should I look?
I don't know where to begin and... and time is running out...
It's hard for me to help... Where did you last see it?
Well, Napoleon took it from me...
That's where I would start!
I think I know where to look
Yes, you're right. He didn't know what it was....
He might still have it...
You had better check. Make haste!
It must be found.
Right, let's see if we can find it.
Leave
I'll be as quick as I can!
You really must lay your hands on it, Louis!
An object that touched the blood of Christ, it's not the kind of thing you come across everyday! Think hard, I have faith in you!
Ah! William!
Calm down, Louis.
How dare you?
Louis?
Your own brother!
I... Father?
Gregory should have never trusted you!
I knew he shouldn't have come here!
No, not now!...
It's pointless trying to run!
Ah! I... where am I?
It's alright, son. Don't panic.
It's over.
I'm back.
Where are the guests?
I invited them to go up to their rooms.
They're resting, don't worry.
Gregory...
You should have chosen your allies better, my son.
You mean you planned to get rid of him since the beginning?
For years, Louis.
Come now, would I really have risked everything at such a one-sided conference without having a trump card up my sleeve?
But... But, what about the conference rules?
To hell with the rules!
From now on, I'm only following my own rules. Things are going to change, you'll see.
However, I expect you to stop your childish games and follow me.
I gave you time to find your feet with Gregory but things are going to get serious now and I expect a little more loyalty from you.
We won, Louis. It's over.
He's dead?
Definitively.
Now the way is clear.
At any rate, rejoice, great things await us.
What did you do to him?
I devoured his soul.
You... But...
I didn't see you use the Holy Lance...
Indeed not, I didn't need to.
Can't you guess how I did it?
The Lance of Longinus is just a vessel, Louis.
It could have been any object that had the blood of Christ on it...
The blood of an ancient, more precisely.
But I didn't need the blood of an ancient...
You see, I have been in dear Lord Mortimer's physical body for longer than my brother has been in Sir Gregory Holm's...
Therefore I am an ancient, Louis.
How did he do it?
Bu...wh.. what happened in the Ether?
I surpassed him.
Find out more
What do you mean you surpassed him?
I made sure he was poisoned by my blood before our little chat.
Remember the cup of tea, in the dining room?
I wagered that Gregory simply wouldn't be able to let it get cold...
Old habits do die hard.
You put your blood in your tea?
And he put the hangman's rope round his own neck, ironic, isn't it?
Unable to extract himself from his physical body, it didn't take much time for me to absorb him...
I see
But why kill Holm?
