CHARISMATIC PRESENCE
You have always been charismatic
You gain 1 skill point in Manipulation
You follow in your mother's tracks
IMMORAL
You did not step in to defend Adams
Conviction costs 1 more Effort point
Consult your JOURNAL...
Confrontations succeeded
Confrontations failed
Present level
Manuscripts read
Number of successes
Current Use
You gain 1 skill point in Conviction
SHADY
You did not manage to convince Lady Hillsborrow of your innocence.
Manipulation costs 1 more Effort point
Candlestick
A candlestick from my room.
A talisman belonging to Elizabeth Adams
A message is inscribed on the back "Take care of yourself, dear sister".
Lemon
A lemon I picked from the lemon tree on the balcony.
Emily Hillsborrow's origami
This folding probably has a hidden meaning.
Ink pot
The ink pot I picked up in my room.
Ashes
Ashes used to reveal my mother's message.
Service Key
A service key that might open some door in the corridor.
Piaggi's letter (sealed)
A sealed letter given by Piaggi, for Sarah De Richet. I'll see if I want to open it once in my room.
Piaggi's letter (opened)
A list of clerics trying to escape from Paris.
Iron bar
A twisted old iron bar whose tip is blackened.
Letter from Sarah De Richet
The letter from my mother that I found on the pier.
Sarah De Richet's bag
This bag contains various items: some food, a key and a few personal effects.
Rusty iron key
A key of poor quality
Emily's handkerchief
A handkerchief given to you by Lady Hillsborrow. The blood stain on it is yours. It bears her initials: E.H.
Strange key
Might be used as a key
My mother wrote: "The beast always charges the most protected one".
A page from Bougainville's book
My mother had written something on it, but it is not longer legible.
Half-circle shaped key
Double circle shaped key
Four circles shaped key
Circle shaped key
Three circles shaped key
Five circles shaped key
Key with an occult Air symbol
Key with an occult Water symbol
Key with an occult Fire symbol
Key with an occult Earth symbol
A small key with a ring shaped as a half-circle.
A small key with a ring shaped as a double circle.
A small key with a ring shaped as four circles.
A small key with a ring shaped as a circle.
A small key with a ring shaped as three circles.
A small key with a ring shaped as five circles.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for air.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for air.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for water.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for water.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for Fire.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for fire.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for earth.
A small key with a ring shaped as an occult symbol for earth.
Masonic calendar
The Masonic calendar begins 4000 years before the Gregorian one. Here, 1789, starting of the revolution is labeled 5789.
Piaggi's letter (intact)
A sealed letter given by Piaggi, for Sarah De Richet.
Mortimer's invitation
"Dear Monsieur De Richet,</n>I am writing to you to express my embarrassment regarding the situation in which I find myself.</n>As you probably know, I had invited your mother, Sarah De Richet, to join me on my island several weeks ago. We had projects in common regarding your Order. Her stay was going smoothly until yesterday, when your mother suddenly disappeared. I do not want to over worry you, but I would like you to join me as soon as possible so we can shed some light on this mystery.</n>Please accept, Sir, the expression of my highest consideration.</n>Yours sincerely,</n>Lord William Mortimer, Marquis of Westfordshire."
Mother's handkerchief
My mother's handkerchief that was given to me by the servant on the pier. It carries her initials: S.D.R.
Letter to Sir Holm
Son, I can confirm that I will be very strict regarding the possible scope for your brother's actions. His whims amuse only him. I leave you all room to manoeuvre. You have my trust. Do not hesitate to keep me informed via your friend, miss Adams. If sadly your brother puts you in a difficult situation, let me know and I will send you Jonas and Abigael. A.
My dear Elizabeth,
I'm writing to inform you of some unfortunate news. We won't be able to meet as planned on the first Sunday of May.
I've been told that you're no better and unfortunately, your brothers and I are absolutely snowed under by the work required to govern this new country.
Please excuse us, as soon as we can get free, even if it's just for a day, I promise we shall come and see you.
Your loving father,
John Adams
P.S. Don't hold it against your mother; she still isn't ready. Please don't judge her; I'm sure you"ll be able to put all this behind you, one day.
My dear Elizabeth,
I'm writing to inform you of some unfortunate news. We won't be able to meet as planned on the first Sunday of May.
I've been told that you're no better and unfortunately, your brothers and I are absolutely snowed under by the work required to govern this new country.
Please excuse us, as soon as we can get free, even if it's just for a day, I promise we shall come and see you.
Your loving father,
John Adams
P.S. Don't hold it against your mother; she still isn't ready. Please don't judge her; I'm sure you"ll be able to put all this behind you, one day.
June 11, 1791
