DEVIL'S THORN
Press <style widget=Murder:Button:Stimulant></style> to use it
Devil's Thorn grants you the Exalted state. You temporarily see the Immunities and Vulnerabilities affecting a dialogue choice in a conversation.  You cannot carry more than 5.
GOLDEN ELIXIR
Press <style widget=Murder:Button:Cathartique></style> to use it
Golden Elixir cures all your Negative Alterations. You cannot carry more than 5.
INTOXICATED
Use a Golden Elixir to cure yourself
You have used 4 Consumable Items during a single quest or consumed a noxious element. Dialog Timer is no longer visible.
DISCONCERTED
Use a Golden Elixir to cure yourself
Someone threw you off balance. The cost of Effort Points increases when using your Skills.
EXHAUSTED
Use a Golden Elixir to cure yourself
You just encountered an Immunity. 1 Effort Point is locked.
EXALTED
You are Exalted!
You sense the Immunities and Vulnerabilities of the persons you are talking to. Skills they are immune to will fail; skills they are vulnerable to will cost less.
FOCUSED
You are Focused!
Your next use of a skill will be free of cost.
OPPORTUNIST
You have the upper hand!
You've thrown the person you are talking to off balance. You pay 1 less Effort Point for Skills used on this person.
MANUSCRIPTS
Find your Manuscripts by using the INVENTORY tab in the MENU
Manuscripts allow you to educate yourself during the adventure. At the start of each Quest, you can choose what to read and gain permanent Skill Points.
CONFRONTATION: STEPS
Confrontation Steps turn green when you convince the person you are talking to, and red when you fail.
You just passed through a Confrontation Step. In order to be successful, you'll need to avoid as many Blunders as you can.
CONFRONTATION: END
The outcome of a Confrontation varies depending on the success and failure of the previous Steps. Be careful, some outcomes can have major consequences.
CONFRONTATIONS
Each Confrontation displays an interface showing how much the person you are talking to is convinced.
During a Confrontation, you have to go through several Steps while being as persuasive as possible. Confrontations have consequences on the rest of the story, so don't hesitate to use your Skills.
CRUCIAL CHOICES
Think twice when facing Crucial Choices. They have major consequences on the story.
SKILLS
Browse your Skills by using the CHARACTER tab in the MENU
Your Skills give you access to unique choices and actions at the cost of Effort Points. The higher your Skill level, the lower the cost is in Effort Points.
TRAITS
Review all TRAITS in the dedicated tab in the MENU
You just made a choice that has a permanent Consequence. These Consequences improve your abilities.
PERSONALITY
Review Immunities and Vulnerabilities in the JOURNAL tab in the MENU
Each person you meet on the island has their own personality, which makes them Vulnerable to certain Skills, and Immune to others.</n>Exploiting their personality is crucial to achieve your personal goals: skills used against Immunities will not succeed and leave you Exhausted, meanwhile exploited Vulnerabilities will give you 1 Effort Point back.
AMBER
Congratulations! You collected 4 Amber Fragments. Your maximum Effort Points is increased by 1!
AMBER FRAGMENTS
Review them in the INVENTORY tab in the MENU
You just found an Amber Fragment. Each time you pick up 4 of them, you increase your maximum Effort Points by 1!
LEVEL UP
You just gained a new level which awards you Skill Points. Use your Skill Points to improve your Skills or to unlock new ones.
EQUIPPING MANUSCRIPTS
Here, you can choose what to read during the adventure. Each manuscript you read confers Skill Points at the end of the Quest!
TALENTS
You obtain Talents when carrying out certain actions. Remember to review their unlock conditions and effects as they offer very interesting improvements.
ALLOCATION OF SKILL POINTS
Upgrading a Skill to level 2 reduces the cost in Skill Points by 3. Level 3 grants you FREE use of the Skill.
Empty slot
Immunity
Vulnerability
Unknown
Unknown
You already read this manuscript
Manuscript currently being read
Collector Coins
Erase
Check the JOURNAL
IMMUNITY
VULNERABILITY
MANUSCRIPTS
NARRATIVE ITEMS
TRAITS
You previously did something that unlocks this choice of answer!
START A NEW GAME
with the participation of the FAJV - Centre National du Cinéma and l'Image Animée et Ministère du Redressement productif
Use the right stick <style widget=Murder:Button:TutoCamera></style> to control the camera
Use the right stick <style widget=Murder:Button:TutoCamera></style> to control the camera
Use the left stick <style widget=Murder:Button:TutoMovement></style> to move your character
Use the left stick <style widget=Murder:Button:TutoMovement></style> to move your character
Hold down <style widget=Murder:Button:Run></style> to move faster
MULTIPLE PATHS
There are multiple paths to reach your objective. It may be a good idea to think twice before embarking on the first path you come to.
Succeeded Step
Failed Step
Displays Immunities - Vulnerabilities
Cures Negative Alterations
Restores 2 Effort Points
Next skill use is free
Press START to resume
Choice already made
Intoxicated
Dialog Timer is hidden
Opportunist
Effort Point Cost: -1
Focused
Next skill use is free
Exalted
Reveals Vulnerabilities and Immunities of your Discussion Partner
