No, I don't know what you're talking about. You really ought to look after your things. It can't be easy to come across amber in these parts.
Ah...  errm...  well...  does sir desire anything else?
Return
Manuscript
What's that book you're hiding in your jacket?
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe, sir. And I am not hiding it.
Hand it to me, please.
It is damaged, sir. I would never dare lend sir a book in such a pitiful state, sir. I took it to restore.
I'll take care of it.
Indeed, this masterpiece must not become more damaged.
Let me have it and I'll take care of it personally. I love antiquarian books.
It bothers me somewhat, it isn't sir's job to take care of it, really.
No, but I would love to. You'd be doing me a favor by letting me have it.
In that case, sir, I shall leave it in your care with pleasure.
May I do anything else for sir?
I'll make him believe that it's MY book!
Hang on...  but...  it's mine.
Beg pardon, sir?
It's my book! I'm telling you, it's my book!
With all due respect, sir, I hope sir will understand that I have doubts. You see, I found it in Lord Mortimer's library.
Huh, there you are then! That's exactly where I left it!
I am...  quite put out, sir, I...  don't know what to say.
In that case I suggest you say nothing and hand it over.
But...  I...
Now.
But Sir, I... Very well, sir. Here you are. May sir take good care of it, it is damaged.
And you've damaged it as well? Oh, bravo, bravo!
No, no, I didn't do anything, it wasn't me, sir.
Say pardon.
Pardon me, Sir.
Very good. There were some other things I wanted to go over with you.
Return
Return
Take your leave
What can I do for you, sir?
I am at your service, day and night, sir.
What can you tell me about our host?
I would like you to speak about your master, Lord Mortimer.
Do please excuse me, sir, but I shall make no comment about my master.
Is there anything else that sir would like to know?
What can you tell me about the guests?
What can you tell me about the guests?
Do excuse me, sir, but I am bound by discretion to say nothing about Lord Mortimer's guests, sir.
Perhaps sir would like to know something else?
I have a few questions about the manor.
What can I find on the ground floor?
Yes. Can you briefly describe the ground floor, please?
Very well, sir.
On the ground floor, there are mainly living rooms.
Sir finds himself at present in the Grand Hall.
From the Grand Hall, sir can access, on one side, the Small Salon where the guests like to relax with a good book.
From there, sir can access the Conference Room, which is closed at present for preparations.
That is where Lord Mortimer likes to gather all of his guests for talks.
From the other side of the Grand Hall, sir may access the Dining Room.
That is where sir's meals will be served.
From the Dining Room, sir may benefit from an exceptional view overlooking the island.
It is also the best way to access the Portrait Gallery, where a large part of Lord Mortimer's works are exhibited.
And in the gallery, sir will also find access to the Garden.
But sir may be reassured, the building is accessible on both sides, so that it surrounds the Garden in question.
So, sir should not find cause to worry, no one has ever gotten lost.
Except for my mother...
Has Sir another question?
What's on the first floor?
What's on the first floor?
The first floor is reserved for guests, sir. That is where sir will find his private rooms.
The main corridor leads around the building. Three stairways will enable sir to return to the ground floor.
It is also from there that sir will be able to reach the second floor.
Thank you very much.
Anything else, sir?
What is on the second floor?
Yes. What can I find on the second floor?
That floor is strictly reserved for Lord Mortimer, sir.
In the west wing on the second floor are his private chambers.
In the east wing are the rooms reserved for Lord Mortimer's personal guests.
At the moment, these rooms are reserved for Sir Holm, sir.
But only authorized guests may access that area.
Does sir have any more questions?
May I walk outside?
What is outside on the island exactly?
Lord Mortimer has made a point of keeping the main part of the island in its natural state, sir. For security reasons, only the wharves and the gardens are accessible to guests.
If sir would like to walk along the wharves, he has only to follow the pathway used upon his arrival.
If he would like to walk in the interior gardens of the manor, I would advise sir to pass through the Portrait Gallery.
May I help sir in any other way?
Return
I was wondering if you could help me out.
As I was unable to bring my personal effects with me, I was wondering if you could find me a few items?
Of course, sir. What would you require?
Would you have any Golden Elixir?
You wouldn't have a little Golden Elixir I could use, would you?
Oh, unfortunately, sir, I have orders not to give any of that medicine to any of Lord Mortimer's guests.
Some guests are here to follow a very strict treatment. Mixing or combining certain substances would be dangerous for sir.
No panic, I know what it is.
My good fellow, you're right. One should never mix treatments without the advice of an expert.
It so happens that I usually make my own Golden Elixir, but I haven't brought my kit with me.
Perhaps, in that case, would you fetch a spoonful of ethyl alcohol, ethereal oil, and ten millilitres of ethanol for me?
Along with that, a small quantity of gold, please. Just a few crumbs will suffice.
Ah, I see that sir knows his subject. Therefore I see no reason why I shouldn't give them to you.
I hope that will be enough for you sir, because I haven't any more.
Thank you, that will be fine.
May I help with anything else, sir?
