I've figured you out but you refuse to accept it. And you're starting to find me charming, too.
I admit it. You win. You, worst investigator there ever was, have "sussed" me out.
Hmm... well, at least you made me smile.
Reassure her about your short-lived collaboration
I don't see us as partners for life. You won't owe me anything, you know.
It doesn't commit you to anything, after all.
Alright, you've gone to a lot of trouble. You deserve an answer.
I already have a work partner.
I know my weaknesses, I don't doubt that your abilities will be of use to me...
... but I already have all that. Thanks to my teammate.
Is there any chance you might tell me who he is?
Mmm... no... I've already said too much.
Consider yourself lucky I've even given you this much. It's extremely rare, believe me.
Come on, don't stop now that you've come this far. You know that eventually I'll end up making you talk.
Well, since no one can resist you, let's see if you can guess who my partner is.
You're a gambler... So... your partner is...  
It's a man and it's...
Her father
Your father! The force of youth combined with the wisdom of ancestors...
I never knew my father.
And it'll be better for him if I never do find him.
Sorry.
I thought you'd figured out I was an orphan.
No... please forgive me, I... I didn't know.
Her old husband
Your husband, of course!
My husband? He can't even walk without a cane.
Poor old man. Let him live out the rest of his days in peace.
How nice for him...
A member of the Order
Chances are, you're working with a member of the Order.
The only members of the Order other than ourselves are your mother and Mr Washington. The former has sadly gone missing.
As for the latter, I knew nothing of his arrival. Incidentally, you must have noticed how inefficiently our Order communicates internationally.
Back
It's a woman and it's...
Her mother
Your partner must be your mother!
I would need to know who she is first.
Forgive me, I... I didn't know.
I'm an orphan, I thought you'd figured that out.
No I... I didn't know. Otherwise I wouldn't have mentioned it.
Now you know.
Her sister
Your sister. She's your partner! She's the one you're looking for!
Well, I am impressed. How the devil did you guess I had a sister. Virtually no one even knows.
My mother
It's as obvious as it is surprising, you're my mother's hard-hitting partner!
Oh God! Do you really believe the nonsense that comes out of your mouth?
Well, a second ago I did. A little...
Sorry, Louis, you mother is not my partner.
Back
Remember how she was affected by the cameo
Good Outcome
When it comes to getting results, you are very good, I grant you that.
You deserve to know why the sight of the cameo pendant affected me so strongly.
I thought it belonged to Emma, my twin sister.
Oh! Now I get why you said you had a memory for two.
Yes... you can't imagine to what extent, though. As children, everyone got us mixed up. So one day, we decided to play along.
Since then, we have become one and the same. We have officially erased the identity of my sister, Emma.
Emily Hillsborrow, the woman with two faces.
Clever. But isn't it complicated? How do you make it work?
One of us has no existence in the outside world. We share everything. First for one, then for the other.
We dress the same, wear the same make-up, we speak the same. We've learned to act as one.
When we accept a mission, we both turn up. This time, though, she went ahead and I was meant to wait for her on the mainland.
She was meant to meet Sir Holm and bring back the details so we could work out who would follow-up.
And there was a problem?
She was supposed to return from Mortimer's one week ago.
The boat turned up at Plymouth but, alas, no trace of my sister.
Instead, a sailor passed me a message from Holm notifying me of her sudden disappearance.
So... my mother and your sister go missing just a few days apart... that's strange.
Maybe their disappearances are linked.
It's clearly a possibility, but up to now I haven't found a trace of either of them.
None of this is very reassuring.
By the way, Louis, now that you are in on the secret, you are obliged to keep it to yourself, or you will pay very dearly.
Don't worry, your secret is safe with me.
Bad Outcome
Right, time is short.
You haven't convinced me. I prefer to remain discreet, don't take it the wrong way.
All I can tell you is I'm looking for my sister.
And if I reacted so strongly at the sight of the cameo pendant, it's because I thought it belonged to her. But it doesn't.
I understand... I won't insist.
It's time to leave.
Oh, my head... I shouldn't have drunk so much.
Elizabeth, I... I need you to tell me what we've been drinking …  
Oh fuck... Elizabeth!
Mademoiselle? May I come in?
One moment!
Oh shit!
Oh, my head... I shouldn't have drunk so much.
Elizabeth, I... I need you to tell me what we've been drinking …  
Oh fuck... Elizabeth!
Mademoiselle? May I come in?
One moment!
Oh shit!
Monsieur de Richet, I am arresting you for the murder of Elizabeth Adams.
I beg your pardon? What are you talking about, I mean, I just saw her last night.
Which makes you our prime suspect.
What the hell's going on?
The attendants are going to escort you out of the room. I advise you not to put up any resistance.
Alright, alright, I'm coming with you!
