That's not what the voices say.
Listen to me! Don't give up.
You must resist. And tomorrow, you'll see, things will be better.
You like my little concoction, don't you? That's rare.
What?
It no longer has any effect on me, but my guests generally don't appreciate me mixing alcohol with laudanum.
What? You... you put laudanum in my drink?
In both. Don't worry, my little Louis. We'll sink down to the bottom together.
Oh, bitch, you drugged me.
... Oh man, I feel like puking... I really feel like shit...  
I gotta... get back …  
Don't worry, Louis. I'm here now. I'll take good care of you.
And then, I'll leave.
What is this bitch gonna do to me?
Don't touch me!
If I get up, I'll fall.
... just leav …  
Oh, little Louis's tired... leave everything to me, just let go.
Well, well, Louis, you took your sweet time...
What did our poor Elizabeth want?
Nothing important...
The truth is: I really don't have the slightest idea.
Probably talking about my mother
She probably wanted to chat more about my mother.
Really. So Miss Adams is somehow linked to your mother ?
In a way, I guess she is.
What is she doing here ?
The real question would be this: what exactly are you doing, Emily, in my room?
I've enjoyed our discussions very much and I had hoped that we could continue them.
But I thought all of that could wait until tomorrow?
That young girl seems very...
Emily? Have I misunderstood something here? What are you doing in my room?
And for a while now, a question has been nagging at me.
And that explains why I now find you here, in my bed?
Go ahead, ask me the question that's been burning at your lips.
I know your mother was here to meet someone but I can't figure out who.
Oh, so that's what's been hiding behind all this.
We are both members of the Order, Louis. Let's try to be honest with each other.
I have followed with great interest your affair in Paris, in connection with Mr. Von Borchert.
You managed to steal something from him, if I'm not mistaken.
The Book
Are you talking about the Book Of All Mysteries? Al Azif ?
That's right, Louis. A valuable bit of plunder, isn't it?
Yeah! When we finally found it, we took it.
And where is the book right now?
Amazingly, it's right here. Mother took it with her when she came.
It's possible...
Exactly.  And what about you, my friend?  What were you and your dear sister looking for here?
Well, our mission was to find out more about that particular book.
And why that one?
Let's just say that the Queen is desperately seeking a way of relieving the King from his difficulties... with dementia.
Well, how about that.
Why that ?
Emily, you suddenly seem to be very interested in my private affairs.
You aren't pumping me for information, are you?
Not in the least, Louis. I'm deeply hurt that you'd even think such a thing of me!
Look, I'm sorry, I... I just thought that …
Well, you thought wrong. I was interested in you, that's all. But that seems to be beyond you.
Don't... don't take it like that. Look, my mother and I recovered an old occult book that Von Borchert was planning to resell on the black market.
Okay? There, now you know it all.
This is quite fascinating.
But just what did Sarah expect to accomplish here?
Meet Von Borchert's buyer...
My mother came here to find out who Von Borchert planned on selling the Book to.
And did she find out?
I have no idea.
But I think she thought it would be someone invited to Mortimer's next party.
You mean, one of us here now?
That's what I think.
It wouldn't be you, by any chance?
Unfortunately no. I was planning to steal it myself.
Thank you for all this information, Louis.
Go figure...
If only I knew myself.
My mother always takes a sly pleasure in telling me as little as possible.
Oh, poor little Louis. Your mother hides things from you. That's not very nice.
No, it's not nice at all. And you? What were you supposed to do, once the Book was found?
Give it to our sponsor, of course. Sir Gregory has more than one card up his sleeve.
So you mean, Holm is playing both sides?
I'd say the Queen is going to be disapointed.
What can we do? Sometimes things work out like that.
She's trying to have me talk
It's fairly obvious that you're still trying to extract information from me, Emily.
Not at all, my friend. You obviously have a dark view of humanity.
One can't chat about anything without you seeing some evil plot.
Oho, don't get your panties all in a bunch. Okay, fine. My mother thought she might find the buyer of Von Borchert's book here.
I think she thought he'd be one of the people here on the island  right now.
Ah... I see.
Right, enough chatting. Come and join me instead.
Join her in the bed
I have to go, Louis. I don't want anyone finding me here in the morning.
You're right.  Well, have a good night.
Good night.  See you tomorrow, rested and ready!
Sure thing.
No thanks
Emily, don't take this wrong, but I really don't think this would be a good idea right now.
I see. You don't think it would do you some good to relax and clear your mind a bit?
That's a good point, but seriously? I'd rather we didn't.
I understand, Louis. I won't insist any further.
Thanks, Emily.
