Why the hell did I go with Elizabeth?
I could have spent the night with Emily, but no, I had to go play the knight with a big heart.
Ah well, never mind... Tomorrow's another day!
Why the hell did I go with Elizabeth?
I could have spent the night with Emily, but no, I had to go play the knight with a big heart.
Ah well, never mind... Tomorrow's another day!
An unofficial Gospel. You'd be more likely to find this kind of book at the Vatican.
Nothing special. The library at Buckingham has three.
What a  bragger
Gee. Is there anything England doesn't have yet?
Wait, yes there is! The United States.
Well, not yet. Besides, as far as I know, they don't speak French in the United States.
Has she read them?
I bet you've read them cover to cover!
Naturally.
Really? I'm curious. Tell me, what part stood out the most to you?
The passage where Mary says to Joseph: Hey, you: shut up!
In other words, you haven't even opened one.
How did Buckingham get hold of them?
How did the English manage to get their hands on them?
When someone wants to attract the attention of the world's leading power, somehow the gifts just pour in.
You wouldn't have gone to the Vatican recently, would you?
Are you calling me a thief?
Certainly not. Never entered my mind!
Analyze the Gospel
The Gospel according to Judas or “How to crucify Jesus” as part of God's plan.
You do realize that the contents of this book could undermine the very foundations of Christianity?
One more reason to leave it in the secret room of a lost manor on a private island.
Do you realize how important this book is?
Of course, but what I really want to know is how did it come into Mortimer's possession?
I was thinking the same thing about all the paintings and sculptures in the manor.
Say nothing
I really need to talk to you, Louis. Right now !
Does Lord Mortimer know the mess you've made of your room?
Listen to me, damn it! My days are numbered.
Well, Elizabeth? What was... so... urgent?
For God's sake, what's happened in here?
I really need to talk to you, Louis. Right now !
Does Lord Mortimer know the mess you've made of your room?
Listen to me, damn it! My days are numbered.
Elizabeth, I don't know if it's about my mother again, but I'm telling you, you've nothing to be afraid of.
She didn't come here for you.
Alright, what have you got on your mind now?
You've got to listen to what I have to say while there's still time.
You need to know the truth about your mother.
About my mother? Wh... what do you mean?
I saw her!
Saw who? You saw my mother?! When?
Just last night!
I went out to walk along the clifftop and I saw her, in the distance.
She tried to hide right away, but I'm sure it was her!
Analyze her behavior
Are you saying you recognized my mother in the middle of the night, while she was hiding?
Yes, Louis, I know it was her.
You just said she was far away, right? In the middle of the night. And the exterior of the island isn't exactly well lit.
Listen! I'm telling you! It was her!
She doesn't hesitate on her answers, she's not trembling. She's really convinced of what she's seen.
Timer Answer
Did you talk to each other?
No, she was far away, I... I didn't make any noise and then she was gone.
Have you told anyone you've seen her? Sir Holm, Mortimer?
You don't understand. It's her... she's here …  
Yes, I understand.
No, you're not listening! The moment I saw her, I was overcome by spasms!
She's here! I'm telling you it was her!
Yes, I need something to calm me down.
Just one glass
I'll drink with you, but let's go easy on it, ok?
Refuse
No thanks. I... I'd better not.
Listen, if you want me to tell you everything, you have to drink with me, Louis!
What I have to say to you is of the utmost importance!
Refuse again
I don't know where she gets her rot-gut from, but frankly, it's disgusting.
You know, Louis, when I came here, it was in the hope of getting help.
I've only just now realized that I've been drawn here into a trap.
Woah... the alcohol's... going to my head.
Here, the condemned's last drink.
I'm right behind you
Man, I... I need to take it easy with the booze. At this rate, I won't last the night.
Let's go easy on the drinking, okay? Alcohol won't solve our problems.
I'll stop here
Elizabeth, alcohol never solves anything. I'm gonna stop now.
Listen up. You want to know what your mother was capable of, right?
You want to know the reason why! Well, you're gonna have to follow me to the bottom of the abyss, Louis!
Either drink, or get out!
No, really
Errrgh, the second one isn't any easier...
So? Do you want to know why she did all those things to me, or not?!
Even if it changes the image you have of her? Forever?
What was she trying to cure you of, then?
Of the one illness she never managed to treat me for.
Together till the end!
Come on Elizabeth! We have to finish what we started!
Stop, it's too much for me
No, Elizabeth! I won't follow you.
What's the matter? Little Louis's afraid to look at the true face of his mother?
You know my rules! Drink up!
No
No, I won't drink!
