Good evening, Elizabeth.
Actually, this is not a good time...
I'm beging you, please, don't leave me alone!
I'll be waiting for you in your room but don't be late.
I was sure there was a certain je-ne-sais-quoi between us!
Louis, we need to talk now, otherwise it'll be too late!
Looks like Elizabeth really needs me, but if I start talking to her, for sure Emily won't wait for me.
What should I do?
Follow Elizabeth
Sorry, Emily, but I can't leave Elizabeth like this.
Alright, Elizabeth, how can I help?
Thank you, come on, follow me.
Join Emily
Excuse me, Elizabeth, but some very urgent business has cropped up.
We can speak tomorrow.
No, Louis! Don't leave me alone! They've come back!
Goodnight, Madam.
I've set something off...
Woah!
I hope the real Medusa isn't waiting for me on the other side.
Raahhh! For Pete's sake, Emily! You scared the pants off me! Don't ever do that again!
Mh, keep your nose out of my business then.
I don't know what you're talking about.
First my room, now here!
Stop following me, you're becoming a nuisance.
Wait a minute, are you... you're not implying that I'm here to court you? Are you?
Oh Louis, I'm just stating the obvious.
You wouldn't be the first, rest assured.
Yeah, this is embarrassing! The worse thing is that it seems to be working.
Stop fooling around, and tell me what you're doing here.
Answer her frankly
I've discovered a hidden message from my mother.
She explains how to find the secret room.
Something must have attracted her here so... I've come to check it out.
And you? What brings you here?
My, you're curious.
Let me guess.
Go on then, impress me.
I imagine she is looking for someone too.
You're looking for somebody.
Your silence speaks volumes! I must have got it right.
And you will go to great lengths to find them. So, this person means a lot to you.
She has to investigate Mortimer
You're spying on Mortimer, right?
Everyone is spying on Mortimer.
Shall I take that for a "yes"?
Take it as you please but I wouldn't be surprised if all the guests were around here somewhere searching the manor.
Whatever, make a joke
You're trying to find where Mortimer hides his tasty vintage wines, right?
We are not amused.
Ah!! So that's what I must have bumped into on my way in!
What are you talking about?
Your sense of humor. It was looking for the exit.
If you value your physical welfare, it would be a good idea not to abuse yours.
Hah! You've just found it again!
Dodge the question with humor
I was feeling a bit peckish. I went in search of the kitchen and I ended up here.
Your sense of direction is mind boggling, isn't it?
Answer with a question
Oh yeah? So tell me what you're doing here.
I'm just … I mean... I...  
Yeah... just like me.
Probably, but I asked the question first.
Well then, we'll pretend you haven't asked me yet.
What about a little gallantry, Louis? Come on, I'm listening. What are you doing here?
Say nothing
Uh, I thought you'd have a bit more wit, sir. I am disappointed.
Make a joke
I admit everything, Madame. You win... I've been bitten by the same bug as you.
I beg your pardon?
We can't resist being where we shouldn't, seeking out our host's little secrets. So we have that in common, right?
I really thought you were going to answer me this time.
Ladies first.
Since you insist, Duchess, gallantry obliges this: ladies first!
You just won't give in, will you!
I'm sorry, Madam, it isn't in my nature.
Stop this little game for a moment.
Listen, this isn't one of Madam Scudery's soirees. There's no room for courtesy in a place like this.
I promise in any other circumstances, I would try to show a bit more spirit in my efforts to amuse you.
For today, I suggest we focus on the rather obvious fact that we are both interested in spying on our host.
I congratulate you on your knowledge of fashionable soirees of the XIIth century, but you have just ruined the ambiance, Louis.
Well, no matter. I'll tolerate your presence, this one time.
Now since you're here, make yourself useful.
Look around on your side, I'll do the same on mine, and If you find anything of interest, let me know!
Yeah, in your dreams...
At your service, Madam!
I've set something off...
Woah!
I hope the real Medusa isn't waiting for me on the other side.
Raahhh! For Pete's sake, Emily! You scared the pants off me! Don't ever do that again!
Mh, keep your nose out of my business then.
I don't know what you're talking about.
First my room, now here!
Stop following me, you're becoming a nuisance.
Wait a minute, are you... you're not implying that I'm here to court you? Are you?
Oh Louis, I'm just stating the obvious.
You wouldn't be the first, rest assured.
Yeah, this is embarrassing! The worse thing is that it seems to be working.
Stop fooling around, and tell me what you're doing here.
Answer her frankly
