Good night. Pleasant dreams to you.
Good night.
Found her! There's my Gorgon. And she looks pretty worked up about something.
I've got to find out what mother was trying to do with her.
Found her! There's my Gorgon. And she looks pretty worked up about something.
I've got to find out what mother was trying to do with her.
What is that you found?
A Cameo pendant.
What's going on?
Nothing.
For crying out loud, Emily, you lunged for that jewel like your life depended on it!
Tell me what this is about!
No.
No.
I can't trust a man who sneaks into my room in the middle of the night.
Are you really gonna use that against me every time we meet?
It's difficult to pretend nothing happened.
We just met, Louis. I like you, but I can't just suddenly open myself up like a book to you.
Listen, Emily, it seems pretty obvious to me that you haven't come here for the sole purpose of sampling Mortimer's cellar.
Stop all the clever evasions and just trust me..
And why the hell should I place my trust in you, Louis?
Because you already did so once
You trusted me last night.
My being in your room was a bit odd, I'll give you that. And you might have taken me for a thief. Or worse.
But I managed to explain myself, right?
Look at us. I wonder what Mortimer would think if he found us here.
Let's trust each other, Emily. We are partners in crime now.
That, I grant you.
Because I trust you
Mortimer's letter, my mother's message in the book, the Golden Order, what more do you need as proof of my good will?
I freely admit that my wary side does get the better of me sometimes.
Wary? Yeah, like a wild animal!
Don't exaggerate.
But that's what I like about you.
Because I don't want any harm to come to you
When are you going to understand that I just want to help you?
What do you expect? That I'll fall into your arms and say "yes" to everything you want?
What are you talking about? I'm only asking you to trust me a little.
If only on principle, as a member of the Golden Order, for example.
Clean up your own back yard first!
Nothing! I have done absolutely nothing for you!
No to this, no to that. You ask for proof of trust, but when you get it, you turn a deaf ear.
You are defiant, evasive and paranoid. Go question your own motives, I've done all I can.
All right, fine! There's no point getting on your high horse, you know! So I'm wary, I grant you that.
Say nothing
At least this way, things are clear.
How do you expect me to open up to you at all if you can't even reassure me?
I'll admit, you are fairly reliable.
That's it? I was expecting more.
Well, I'm prepared to trust you when it comes to choosing a French cheese.
But I've nothing to gain by confiding in you any further than that.
Nothing to gain? Damn it, Emily, I'm only trying to help you. Stop needing to gain something all the time.
Because you think I need help?
Just like everyone. You have your strengths and your weaknesses. And there's no use pretending otherwise...
Hah, and I bet you've found out where I'm "weak", haven't you?
A weakness in Psychology
You think your scathing wit protects you but in fact, it makes you blind.
No sooner have people introduced themselves than you already see them in a bad light.
You play the part of the strong woman. And yes, you are a strong woman, of course, but what I see is a sensitive young lady, who lacks self-confidence.
Stop adopting a defensive posture and you'll see just how quickly new doors will open.
There is some truth to what you say.
A weakness in Questioning
It's obvious to me that whenever anyone seriously questions you, you start to lose your footing.
It's not a big deal in and of itself, but we can help each other when that happens.
Together we will be much stronger.
My dear Louis, you're very kind but you are completely mistaken.
I have no problem whatsoever dealing with being questioned.
I'm sorry to tell you but you read me badly.
A weakness in Occultism
Honestly, you don't seem to know all that much about the Occult.
I don't blame you, not everyone can have bathed in it since childhood.
But that's the point, you'd be doing yourself a favor if you trusted me. I'm sure I can be of more use to you than you think.
I am a highly skilled-member of the Order, and in the service of the Queen. Do you really believe I'm a novice when it comes to the Occult?
My dear Louis, sorry to be blunt, but you don't know what you're talking about.
A weakness in Subterfuges
Let's take your subterfuge talents, for example. You can't make me believe you'd be very effective at sneaking around unobserved, dressed as you are in that puffy, whalebone dress.
I do find your outfits ravishing, but couldn't you use someone like me to perform certain discreet tasks?
Louis, Louis, your naivety is almost touching. Since our arrival, I have been continuously exploring the island without anyone realizing.
Know that in a man's world, it is sometimes more efficient to wear a dress with a daring decolletage than to know how to pick a lock.
A weakness in Politics
Bribery, lies, double talk...
I find it hard to imagine you speaking the special language required when dealing in politics.
My friend, I belong to the English aristocracy. I am married to a duke. I regularly rub shoulders with the powerful of the Chamber of Lords.
And whenever Mortimer wants to have the ear of the Queen, I'm the one he turns to.
Remind me why you were called here?
Oh shit, I've screwed this up.
Analyze Emily's character
Pragmatic, intelligent, sure of herself.
Her only weak spot is her difficulty talking about herself.
I don't know much about your past, but I'm guessing you had to get by on your own, for much of your life.
It might have closed you off, and that can be a disadvantage.
It might be time for you to open up and risk a little trust... not every man you meet wants to hurt you.
Hmm... yes, you may be right.
I might have some weaknesses but I don't need your help to overcome them.
And I'm simply not contemplating collaborating with anyone at this time.
Do you understand?
She prefers to work alone
Yes. You're the kind of girl who gets by on her own and who shares nothing.
The fact is you are completely mistaken about me.
She likes to lead her investigations herself
