I've discovered a hidden message from my mother.
She explains how to find the secret room.
Something must have attracted her here so... I've come to check it out.
And you? What brings you here?
My, you're curious.
Let me guess.
Go on then, impress me.
I imagine she is looking for someone too.
You're looking for somebody.
Your silence speaks volumes! I must have got it right.
And you will go to great lengths to find them. So, this person means a lot to you.
She has to investigate Mortimer
You're spying on Mortimer, right?
Everyone is spying on Mortimer.
Shall I take that for a "yes"?
Take it as you please but I wouldn't be surprised if all the guests were around here somewhere searching the manor.
Whatever, make a joke
You're trying to find where Mortimer hides his tasty vintage wines, right?
We are not amused.
Ah!! So that's what I must have bumped into on my way in!
What are you talking about?
Your sense of humor. It was looking for the exit.
If you value your physical welfare, it would be a good idea not to abuse yours.
Hah! You've just found it again!
Dodge the question with humor
I was feeling a bit peckish. I went in search of the kitchen and I ended up here.
Your sense of direction is mind boggling, isn't it?
Answer with a question
Oh yeah? So tell me what you're doing here.
I'm just … I mean... I...  
Yeah... just like me.
Probably, but I asked the question first.
Well then, we'll pretend you haven't asked me yet.
What about a little gallantry, Louis? Come on, I'm listening. What are you doing here?
Say nothing
Uh, I thought you'd have a bit more wit, sir. I am disappointed.
Make a joke
I admit everything, Madame. You win... I've been bitten by the same bug as you.
I beg your pardon?
We can't resist being where we shouldn't, seeking out our host's little secrets. So we have that in common, right?
I really thought you were going to answer me this time.
Ladies first.
Since you insist, Duchess, gallantry obliges this: ladies first!
You just won't give in, will you!
I'm sorry, Madam, it isn't in my nature.
Stop this little game for a moment.
Listen, this isn't one of Madam Scudery's soirees. There's no room for courtesy in a place like this.
I promise in any other circumstances, I would try to show a bit more spirit in my efforts to amuse you.
For today, I suggest we focus on the rather obvious fact that we are both interested in spying on our host.
I congratulate you on your knowledge of fashionable soirees of the XIIth century, but you have just ruined the ambiance, Louis.
Well, no matter. I'll tolerate your presence, this one time.
Now since you're here, make yourself useful.
Look around on your side, I'll do the same on mine, and If you find anything of interest, let me know!
Yeah, in your dreams...
At your service, Madam!
“The origin of myths”. A reinterpretation of legendary creatures.
Just what I need.
The text is in French on the left-hand page and in Latin on the right-hand.
Let's find the chapter on the Medusa.
Read the page in French
Hang on, this version is significantly different from the regular one.
It recounts how men have always belittled women in society.
Harpies, mermaids, the chimera, the Hydra, the Gorgons.
Ah, the section on the Medusa!
"While some of the heroes divert attention from the Gorgon, the hero with the sword brandishes his weapon at the Medusa."
Read the page in Latin
There's an extra line in the Latin translation.
"The night light was reflected in the shield and blinded the monster. So the hero with the sword seized the opportunity and cut off its head."
Leave
“The origin of myths”. A reinterpretation of legendary creatures.
Just what I need.
The text is in French on the left-hand page and in Latin on the right-hand.
Let's find the chapter on the Medusa.
Read the page in French
Hang on, this version is significantly different from the regular one.
It recounts how men have always belittled women in society.
Harpies, mermaids, the chimera, the Hydra, the Gorgons.
Ah, the section on the Medusa!
"While some of the heroes divert attention from the Gorgon, the hero with the sword brandishes his weapon at the Medusa."
Read the page in Latin
There's an extra line in the Latin translation.
"The night light was reflected in the shield and blinded the monster. So the hero with the sword seized the opportunity and cut off its head."
Leave
Well, Your Eminence, do you still have any room left?
Ah, my son, the sin of gluttony is the most difficult of all, in my eyes.
Nevertheless, what a charming moment we have had together.
I'm delighted I was able to talk to Mr. Von Wöllner. We hadn't spoken to each other for an eternity.
Yes, I noticed that Your Eminence knew a fair number of people at the table.
The benefit of age, my son. This isn't my first invitation to Lord Mortimer's.
You'll see, it's the perfect place to make new friends. Indeed, I noticed that you and Mr Bonaparte have already begun.
Ah, I adapt quickly to local customs, it's what I was taught.
And you are right to do so, my son.
But tell me, have you had any news of your mother since your arrival?
Alas, still nothing, Your Eminence. But I still haven't been able to meet Lord Mortimer.
Do not worry. It is typical of him, what can I say? Lord Mortimer is a very busy man.
I should think you are beginning to worry.
No, not really.
To tell you the truth, not really.
You are right. Be positive!
Perhaps Sarah is in the company of Lord Mortimer and they both will turn up shortly.
