Thank you for educating me, I didn't know. Here you are, sir.
Does sir desire anything else?
Bullshit and rob him
No point in lying, you know. I know full well you haven't got any.
I would never think of lying, sir, I don't believe I am authorized to give it away, that is all.
Amber, here? I'd be surprised...
Yet, I assure you, sir.
No, you're pulling my leg. I don't believe you.
I wouldn't dare to joke with sir.
Yeah, sure, you're just leading me on. I dare you to show it to me, if you really have some.
Well, then, sir, here is a piece.
Oh...  right. Well, I'm impressed. Can you lend it to me for a minute?
Of course, sir, here.
Wow, I can hardly believe it.
Well, I have other questions.
Of course, sir. But, sir, I believe you haven't given me back the amber, sir.
What? What amber?
The piece I gave to sir.
No, I don't know what you're talking about. You really ought to look after your things. It can't be easy to come across amber in these parts.
Ah...  errm...  well...  does sir desire anything else?
Return
Manuscript
What's that book you're hiding in your jacket?
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe, sir. And I am not hiding it.
Hand it to me, please.
It is damaged, sir. I would never dare lend sir a book in such a pitiful state, sir. I took it to restore.
I'll take care of it.
Indeed, this masterpiece must not become more damaged.
Let me have it and I'll take care of it personally. I love antiquarian books.
It bothers me somewhat, it isn't sir's job to take care of it, really.
No, but I would love to. You'd be doing me a favor by letting me have it.
In that case, sir, I shall leave it in your care with pleasure.
May I do anything else for sir?
It's MY book!
Hang on...  but...  it's mine.
Beg pardon, sir?
It's my book! I'm telling you, it's my book!
With all due respect, sir, I hope sir will understand that I have doubts. You see, I found it in Lord Mortimer's library.
Huh, there you are then! That's exactly where I left it!
I am...  quite put out, sir, I...  don't know what to say.
In that case I suggest you say nothing and hand it over.
But...  I...
Now.
But Sir, I... Very well, sir. Here you are. May sir take good care of it, it is damaged.
And you've damaged it as well? Oh, bravo, bravo!
No, no, I didn't do anything, it wasn't me, sir.
Say pardon.
Pardon me, Sir.
Very good. There were some other things I wanted to go over with you.
Return
Return
Take your leave
I am sorry, sir, but the conference room is under preparation and is consequently inaccessible to guests.
Speak about the sword.
Could you perhaps help me?
What can I do for you, sir?
Where did this sword come from?
From the garden, sir. That sword belongs to one of the statues in the garden.
Thank you very much.
Don't mention it, sir.
Leave
I am sorry, sir, but the conference room is under preparation and is consequently inaccessible to guests.
Speak about the sword
Excuse me but could you perhaps help me?
That is what I am here for, sir. What can I do for you, Sir?
I 'm trying to find out where this sword came from.
From the garden, sir. That sword belongs to one of the statues in the garden.
Thank you very much.
Do not mention it, sir.
Leave
No, that doesn't work.
Well, at least one thing's for sure, this is definitely where the sword comes from!
No, that doesn't work.
Well, at least one thing's for sure, this is definitely where the sword comes from!
Theseus.
Son of Aegeus. He's the one who slayed the Minotaur.
Ah...  I think that's where the sword I found comes from. Looks like they've been carved from the same stone.
Theseus...  Who's that?
Ah, he's the son of Aegeus, he became the mythical King of Athens. The unifying king.
Pity he's generally only remembered for having slayed the Minotaur.
Translate the plaque
“Wrongly positioned, I am the blind hero”.
hmm...  I wasn't expecting an inscription like that.
Remember the legend.
I seem to recall he took the decision to confront the Minotaur... 
He killed the beast, but if it weren't for Ariadne's help, he would have been trapped in that labyrinth forever!
In short, yet another hero who wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
Okay, okay, I'm...  I'm probably being a bit harsh, I mean, we do owe him the foundations of Athens. In other words, the Republic. “Render therefore unto Caesar what is Caesar's.”
Notice the crack
Looks like a crack has been made on his torso... 
Examine the crack
It's as long as a finger. I'd say between 6 and 8 centimeters.
Thrust the sword into the crack.
We will soon see... 
Return
Pull out the sword.
Let's try something else instead... 
Move away.
I wonder if Mother managed to solve this enigma... 
Theseus.
