Have you got any amber?
My good fellow, would you have any amber available?
I would, but unfortunately I don't think I am authorized to give it out, sir. I believe it is a precious stone.
it has no value
Look, you aren't going to kick up a fuss about a vulgar piece of resin, are you?
Don't believe what they say about amber. It does nothing to warm up infants' bodies, let alone prevent toothache.
And neither does this fossil oleo-resin stimulate fertility, you can believe me.
Thank you for educating me, I didn't know. Here you are, sir.
Does sir desire anything else?
Bullshit and rob him
No point in lying, you know. I know full well you haven't got any.
I would never think of lying, sir, I don't believe I am authorized to give it away, that is all.
Amber, here? I'd be surprised...
Yet, I assure you, sir.
No, you're pulling my leg. I don't believe you.
I wouldn't dare to joke with sir.
Yeah, sure, you're just leading me on. I dare you to show it to me, if you really have some.
Well, then, sir, here is a piece.
Oh...  right. Well, I'm impressed. Can you lend it to me for a minute?
Of course, sir, here.
Wow, I can hardly believe it.
Well, I have other questions.
Of course, sir. But, sir, I believe you haven't given me back the amber, sir.
What? What amber?
The piece I gave to sir.
No, I don't know what you're talking about. You really ought to look after your things. It can't be easy to come across amber in these parts.
Ah...  errm...  well...  does sir desire anything else?
Return
Manuscript
What's that book you're hiding in your jacket?
The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe, sir. And I am not hiding it.
Hand it to me, please.
It is damaged, sir. I would never dare lend sir a book in such a pitiful state, sir. I took it to restore.
I'll take care of it.
Indeed, this masterpiece must not become more damaged.
Let me have it and I'll take care of it personally. I love antiquarian books.
It bothers me somewhat, it isn't sir's job to take care of it, really.
No, but I would love to. You'd be doing me a favor by letting me have it.
In that case, sir, I shall leave it in your care with pleasure.
May I do anything else for sir?
It's MY book!
Hang on...  but...  it's mine.
Beg pardon, sir?
It's my book! I'm telling you, it's my book!
With all due respect, sir, I hope sir will understand that I have doubts. You see, I found it in Lord Mortimer's library.
Huh, there you are then! That's exactly where I left it!
I am...  quite put out, sir, I...  don't know what to say.
In that case I suggest you say nothing and hand it over.
But...  I...
Now.
But Sir, I... Very well, sir. Here you are. May sir take good care of it, it is damaged.
And you've damaged it as well? Oh, bravo, bravo!
No, no, I didn't do anything, it wasn't me, sir.
Say pardon.
Pardon me, Sir.
Very good. There were some other things I wanted to go over with you.
Return
Return
Take your leave
What can I do for you, sir?
I am at your service, day and night, sir.
Ask about the sword.
Could you tell me where this sword comes from, please?
Certainly, Sir.
How did such a sword come into Sir's hands?
I'm the one asking the questions.
My good man, I'm afraid you're overstepping your role.
You're the one who's supposed to be giving the answers, not me.
(Louis points out to the servant that he ought to just keep to his duty.)
Naturally, I hope that Sir will forgive me.
I'm in a hurry!
Listen, my good man, I'd gladly stand here discussing matters all day long, but I'm terribly pressed for time.
Your petty logistical concerns are of no interest to me.
I asked you a question and I'm still waiting for an answer.
Do please excuse me, sir.
It's a lead to locate my mother.
I think the whole manor knows that Sarah de Richet has disappeared. And well, I'm on the case, so please give me an answer.
Very well, sir.
If I were Sir, I would look in the garden. This sword looks like it's from the garden statues.
And how can I get into the garden?
There are two ways, sir.
The first way to get to the garden is by the hall, between the conference room and the portrait gallery.
The second way is directly through the portrait gallery. Sir would just have to go out by the French windows.
Thank you, my good man.
What can you tell me about our host?
I would like you to speak about your master, Lord Mortimer.
Do please excuse me, sir, but I shall make no comment about my master.
Is there anything else that sir would like to know?
What can you tell me about the guests?
What can you tell me about the guests?
Do excuse me, sir, but I am bound by discretion to say nothing about Lord Mortimer's guests, sir.
Perhaps sir would like to know something else?
I have a few questions about the manor.
What can I find on the ground floor?
Yes. Can you briefly describe the ground floor, please?
Very well, sir.
On the ground floor, there are mainly living rooms.
Sir finds himself at present in the Grand Hall.
From the Grand Hall, sir can access, on one side, the Small Salon where the guests like to relax with a good book.
From there, sir can access the Conference Room, which is closed at present for preparations.
