I heard you speaking about Sir Gregory and I wondered what it was about.
That is none of your business, Monsieur.
Don't take it the wrong way, Louis, but you shouldn't be eavesdropping.
It seemed important.
Your Eminence, I don't know what you said to Mr Von Wöllner but the poor fellow looks positively crestfallen.
Not all all, don't... 
Don't you believe it, Louis, I was just telling Monsieur about Lord Mortimer's burning passion for holy Relics.
You must have noticed he's a bit of a "collector".
Well, for years he has been searching high and low to bring all the copies of the Holy Spear together.
As I was coming here, I thought I'd bring him a few of them.
That's all.
Be quiet for God's sake!
Pretend to know.
Have you brought Spears as well, then?
What?
Did Mortimer ask you to bring him Holy Spears too?
Yes, but I thought I was the only one.
How many of them have you brought, then?
Eighteen in all. Any relic even remotely to do with them, in fact.
Eighteen spears?
How many of them exist in all?
No one knows. Especially as there is only one authentic one, of course.
That all adds to the mystery, don't you think?
Well... 
Reassure them
Please excuse me if I interrupt, gentlemen.
I didn't want to disturb you, please, carry on.
Your Eminence, you were talking about the Holy Spear, if I remember correctly. The one that killed Christ on the cross, is that right?
Indeed, Louis. I was just telling Mr Von Wöllner about Lord Mortimer's keen interest in the relic.
He's been collecting them for years in the hope that he'll find the real one.
Enough!
Leave them.
Nothing in particular. I'll leave you alone.
Do you think he heard us... 
Don't worry... 
Please leave us, Monsieur. His Eminence and I wish to finish our discussion alone.
Pity, but I've got no time to lose!
Pity, but I've got no time to lose!
You're joking, I hope! Don't tell me you've done that.
Really, how do you expect me to guess?
For God's sake, just ask then.
Look for your mother
Spy on Piaggi and Wollner
BlaBlablah
.BliBlibli
Leave us, now!
What is that?
Looks like a sort of opening mechanism.
Press
Analyze
Knowing Mortimer, I bet it's booby-trapped.
There's a little hole at the fingers. I'm pretty sure if I get it wrong, I'll get pricked.
Damn you Mortimer...  It reminds me of traps I studied in Egyptian tombs.
Study the mechanism
Move away
What is that?
Looks like a sort of opening mechanism.
Press
Analyze
Knowing Mortimer, I bet it's booby-trapped.
There's a little hole at the fingers. I'm pretty sure if I get it wrong, I'll get pricked.
Damn you Mortimer...  It reminds me of traps I studied in Egyptian tombs.
Study the mechanism
Move away
The sword came from here... But what could it have been used for?
The sword came from here... But what could it have been used for?
What can I do for you, sir?
I am at your service, day and night, sir.
Ask about the sword.
Could you tell me where this sword comes from, please?
Certainly, Sir.
How did such a sword come into Sir's hands?
I'm the one asking the questions.
My good man, I'm afraid you're overstepping your role.
You're the one who's supposed to be giving the answers, not me.
(Louis points out to the servant that he ought to just keep to his duty.)
Naturally, I hope that Sir will forgive me.
I'm in a hurry!
Listen, my good man, I'd gladly stand here discussing matters all day long, but I'm terribly pressed for time.
Your petty logistical concerns are of no interest to me.
I asked you a question and I'm still waiting for an answer.
Do please excuse me, sir.
It's a lead to locate my mother.
I think the whole manor knows that Sarah de Richet has disappeared. And well, I'm on the case, so please give me an answer.
Very well, sir.
If I were Sir, I would look in the garden. This sword looks like it's from the garden statues.
And how can I get into the garden?
There are two ways, sir.
The first way to get to the garden is by the hall, between the conference room and the portrait gallery.
The second way is directly through the portrait gallery. Sir would just have to go out by the French windows.
Thank you, my good man.
What can you tell me about our host?
I would like you to speak about your master, Lord Mortimer.
Do please excuse me, sir, but I shall make no comment about my master.
Is there anything else that sir would like to know?
What can you tell me about the guests?
What can you tell me about the guests?
Do excuse me, sir, but I am bound by discretion to say nothing about Lord Mortimer's guests, sir.
Perhaps sir would like to know something else?
I have a few questions about the manor.
