That is where Lord Mortimer likes to gather all of his guests for talks.
From the other side of the Grand Hall, sir may access the Dining Room.
That is where sir's meals will be served.
From the Dining Room, sir may benefit from an exceptional view overlooking the island.
It is also the best way to access the Portrait Gallery, where a large part of Lord Mortimer's works are exhibited.
And in the gallery, sir will also find access to the Garden.
But sir may be reassured, the building is accessible on both sides, so that it surrounds the Garden in question.
So, sir should not find cause to worry, no one has ever gotten lost.
Except for my mother...
Has Sir another question?
What's on the first floor?
What's on the first floor?
The first floor is reserved for guests, sir. That is where sir will find his private rooms.
The main corridor leads around the building. Three stairways will enable sir to return to the ground floor.
It is also from there that sir will be able to reach the second floor.
Thank you very much.
Anything else, sir?
What is on the second floor?
Yes. What can I find on the second floor?
That floor is strictly reserved for Lord Mortimer, sir.
In the west wing on the second floor are his private chambers.
In the east wing are the rooms reserved for Lord Mortimer's personal guests.
At the moment, these rooms are reserved for Sir Holm, sir.
But only authorized guests may access that area.
Does sir have any more questions?
May I walk outside?
What is outside on the island exactly?
Lord Mortimer has made a point of keeping the main part of the island in its natural state, sir. For security reasons, only the wharves and the gardens are accessible to guests.
If sir would like to walk along the wharves, he has only to follow the pathway used upon his arrival.
If he would like to walk in the interior gardens of the manor, I would advise sir to pass through the Portrait Gallery.
May I help sir in any other way?
Return
I was wondering if you could help me out.
As I was unable to bring my personal effects with me, I was wondering if you could find me a few items?
Of course, sir. What would you require?
Would you have any Golden Elixir?
You wouldn't have a little Golden Elixir I could use, would you?
Oh, unfortunately, sir, I have orders not to give any of that medicine to any of Lord Mortimer's guests.
Some guests are here to follow a very strict treatment. Mixing or combining certain substances would be dangerous for sir.
No panic, I know what it is.
My good fellow, you're right. One should never mix treatments without the advice of an expert.
It so happens that I usually make my own Golden Elixir, but I haven't brought my kit with me.
Perhaps, in that case, would you fetch a spoonful of ethyl alcohol, ethereal oil, and ten millilitres of ethanol for me?
Along with that, a small quantity of gold, please. Just a few crumbs will suffice.
Ah, I see that sir knows his subject. Therefore I see no reason why I shouldn't give them to you.
I hope that will be enough for you sir, because I haven't any more.
Thank you, that will be fine.
May I help with anything else, sir?
It is not for consumption.
That's fine, I have no intention of swallowing this remedy.
You see, I generally use it to put the shine back on my shoes.
But maybe you'd rather I ask permission from Lord Mortimer?
Where is he? I'd like to tell him about my shoe problem.
Sir need do nothing of the sort. There is no reason to disturb Lord Mortimer with this small matter.
As you wish.
Here you are, sir. I hope sir will have enough with one bottle as I haven't any more.
Oh I'll make do. It's good of you to get this much.
May I do anything else for sir?
Return
Would you have any Maltese Cross?
Ah! I still haven't quite recovered after that boat crossing. Would you happen to have any Devil's Thorn, by any chance?
I...  I am sorry, sir, but the Devil's Thorn may be just a plant, but it is also a powerful psychotropic drug that causes undesirable diuretic effects.
I would advise against sir taking any.
I'll take full responsibility, give some to me.
Don't worry, my good man, I know the effects of Devil's Thorn very well.
I've been taking it for years without any adverse effects. I've never had cause to complain, you can believe me.
That is well, sir. Here is sir's herb.
What else can I do for you, sir?
It suffices to know how to take it.
You see, tribulus cistoides is from the zygophyllaceae family, very rich in nitrates and potassium chloride.
It was used in India seven hundred years before Christ, my good fellow. And I know nothing better to perk you up.
Oh! As sir wishes. Here is the herb, sir.
May I help you in anything else, sir?
Return
Would you have any Carmelite Water?
A little Carmelite Water would do me a lot of good, could you find me some, please?
Oh, the tonics are under lock and key, sir. Lord Mortimer only allows access to them in cases of emergency.
That's scandalous
What? That's the last straw!
Lord Mortimer himself asked me to take the sea to join him here. I accepted that out of kindness.
The voyage was undertaken in conditions that I prefer not to speak about.
And then, at long last I arrive and...  and you refuse me a simple flask of Carmelite Water?
No, sir...  I...  I...
Your name! Tell me your name!
Er, er, here, sir, your Carmelite Water. Please accept my sincerest apologies.
If sir requires anything else whatsoever, sir has only to ask.
Very well, it is a matter of urgency
Listen, I suffer from terrible migraines and the voyage by boat has brought on my rheumatism.
So, unless you have anything else to alleviate the pain, please give me some quickly. Thank you.
Oh and...  and the one from Bordeaux, right? I prefer it to the one from Paris.
Immediately, sir. Here. I hope sir will get well again quickly.
Anything else, sir?
Return
Have you got any amber?
My good fellow, would you have any amber available?
I would, but unfortunately I don't think I am authorized to give it out, sir. I believe it is a precious stone.
it has no value
Look, you aren't going to kick up a fuss about a vulgar piece of resin, are you?
Don't believe what they say about amber. It does nothing to warm up infants' bodies, let alone prevent toothache.
And neither does this fossil oleo-resin stimulate fertility, you can believe me.
