If you don't want to get your hands dirty, just turn away and leave everything to me!
This is not a decision to be taken lightly.
You're defending him now?
What are you talking about? Of course not.
He's made you change sides, hasn't he?
MINDREADER
The slime bag...he works for Mortimer!
Good thing I already tried to warn Gregory!
Of course not.
You find Louis unconscious and conclude that I'm his accomplice?
It's not so much finding him here as you being against me getting rid of him...
That's not what you thought the day before yesterday after he eavesdropped on our conversation!
That's right, he's made me change sides!
Even if I confess his arguments hit home...
So that's it!
You don't even bother to hide it!
What's the connection between my vote and his life?
I knew you would end up changing sides!
Holm will be against it
I am certain that Sir Gregory would be opposed.
You know nothing!
I know Sir Gregory better than...
That's against the rules of the conference, Monsieur von Wöllner!
I refuse to go against Sir Gregory.
Right...
Not in my room!
Committing a crime in my room is out of the question!
Think, it will all be on our heads, no doubt about it!
I...
I refuse to run the risk!
Right...
You are going too far!
I refuse to get involved! That's against the rules, for heaven's sake!
The rules?
The consequences of the conference could well destabilize the world order. It's our duty to shelve Mortimer's project.
And to accomplish that, anything goes!
Monsieur von Wöllner, I always act in the best interest of all.
I assure you!
Everyone's entitled to an opinion...
You must have lost your mind to want to take such an extreme course of action!
No one's asking you to help me do it.
MINDREADER
He is capable of reporting me to Sir Gregory!
I'm really risking my neck here...
I'll tell Holm everything!
If you lay a finger on him I'll denounce you to Sir Gregory! I'm warning you!
You old weasel!
I will report it to your King
If you commit a murder, I will report you directly to King Frederick!
I fear nothing, imbecile! The King is my friend!
He will never believe you!
I will tell Mortimer!
I'm warning you, if you continue, I will inform Lord Mortimer!
I'm not afraid of Mortimer! It's Sir Gregory I serve!
You run the risk getting the conference canceled!
You can't attack him without running the risk of jeopardizing the conference!
Even though Sir Gregory has the edge?
No... Gregory will never forgive you.
Good Outcome
Very well, Piaggi, you win!
I refuse to let you do the first thing that comes into your head.
I don't know what the two of you are up to, but I'll find out sooner or later.
Right, time for me to get back into my body.
Right, don't just stand there, Louis. Mortimer's waiting for you in the red salon!
Bad Outcome
Listen carefully, Piaggi! If you say anything, you'll be the one they find dead in your bed!
Now, just turn around and let me handle this!
Success
Don't touch him!
Out of my room!
You'll pay for this, Piaggi! This is not over!
default
Stop!
Now, if you don't want to end up the same way, you will do as you are told and vote what we tell you!
Is that understood?
I forbid you...
Wöllner!!...
No! He's infected my body with whatever's in that syringe!...
He's poisoned me!!...
Get out, Louis! No one must find you here!
Your Eminence, all ready to send the...
What's he doing here?
Damn it! That's all I need...
Don't worry... He can't hear us...
What do you mean "he can't hear us"?
What's going on here, Piaggi?
MINDREADER
The old goat is going to drop us! The lousy turncoat!
He'd better not tell me he just fell asleep!
Say that you have exorcised Louis
Just calm down, calm down.
Louis came to see me because he claimed he was hearing voices.
We've just finished an exorcism session.
An exorcism?...
Are you having me on? I can't see any exorcism instruments!
That's because I've just put them away...
I don't know what you're up to, Piaggi, but I do know you're trying to pull one over on me...
Tell him you gave Louis a tranquilizer
Calm down, now.
Monsieur de Richet came to see me because he was having anxiety attacks and wanted something to help him relax.
