To hell with it... I just hope everything is perfect...or, well, close enough.
Right... it's time I got started.
Let's see what I can find here to help me write that letter.
I have no means to validate my forgery, so I'd better take my time with it and not make any mistakes.
There are two letters from the pope on the desk. I should be able to get a clue or two by checking how well they correspond to each other.
And here are three stamps, all are different...
Read the letters on the desk
Read the first letter
Read the second letter
Put down the letters
Choose the contents of the letter
Right... Let's start writing...
Lord Mortimer asked me to discredit Sir Gregory and to announce Piaggi's final vote in his favor.
As an introduction... “Your Holiness, thank you for your trust...
Discredit Holm
“It turns out, now that I'm here, that I find Lord Mortimer's projects grant us many more advantages, in comparison to what Sir Gregory had suggested.”
“We are talking about the future of the Holy See”... There, that should be enough to justify the change of vote!
Discredit Mortimer
“As we informed Sir Gregory, it is of absolute necessity that Lord Mortimer's projects do not come to fruition.”
“We are talking about the future of the Holy See.”
Discredit both
“It even appears that Lord Mortimer and Sir Gregory both have access to obscure, superior forces to help them reach their ends.”
“I think that the Papal States, for the sake of their own preservation, ought to condemn this practice of conferences in the future.”
Choose a stamp for the letter
I noticed something about the stamp
In one of the letters, the pope asked Piaggi to change, and to stop using his personal stamp...
He asked him to use the one with the pope's motto on it...
I know that
And I remember that...
Floret in Domo Domini
The pope's motto...
Must be in Latin...
Go back
Look at the stamp on the right
I have already read a letter from Piaggi...
I've already seen this seal...
Yes, it looks like the stamp that Piaggi applied to the letter he handed to me!
Compare with Piaggi's letter
Piaggi once gave me a sealed letter...
It had the same seal on it, I remember now!
Look at the inscription on the stamp
"Giustizia, Misericordia e Umiltà." Boy, I gotta brush up my foreign languages.
Translate
I think it's in Italian: “Justice, Mercy and Humility”.
Go back
Use this one
Go back
Look at the stamp in the middle
I've already read a letter from Piaggi!
I remember the seal that Piaggi used for the letter he confided me with...
I don't recognize this one...
Compare with Piaggi's letter
This seal is different to the one Piaggi used for the letter he gave me...
Yes, I'm certain of it...
Look at the inscription on the stamp
On it is written...
"Floret in Domo Domini"
Translate
Latin.
“It blooms in the house of God”
Go back
Use this one
Go back
Look at the stamp on the left
I've already read a letter from Piaggi!
When Piaggi handed me that letter to give to my mother, I noticed the seal...
And this one is clearly different...
Compare with Piaggi's letter
Now... I distinctly remember the seal that Piaggi used on the letter he gave me...
This isn't the same stamp.
Look at the inscription on the stamp...
A circle with a cross inside.
Use this one
Go back
Go back
Write a secret code
There's a kind of code composed of six letters that they always write under the dates of their correspondence.
According to Mortimer, it's got something to do with Piaggi's tattoo...
I guess I'll have to write one for today's date.
Now, ideally it'd be better to do without it... but I'm gonna need to be extremely clever here!
Today the date is 24.01.1793  |ConvertLetterCode(6)
A - E
A
B
C
D
E
Go back
F - J
F
G
H
I
J
Go back
Start again from the beginning
Think about the logic of the code
In the letters from the pope, there are 6 letters just below the date.
2 just below the month, 4 others below the year.
Piaggi's tattoo... It must be used to establish a connection between the letter of the concentric circle and the numbers shown in the middle.
