But I must admit it has absolutely no real importance. They are just bodies.
Are there any other families?
Tell me then, are there any other families like ours?
There are officially seven.
But we are the oldest and therefore the most powerful.
Let us say no more...
Why does Mortimer rebel?
What's Lord Mortimer's problem?
I think he allows himself to be devoured by a need for recognition.
Has he always been like that?
More or less. But thinking about it, I believe that the birth of our youngest brother greatly accentuated his discomfort.
Is he jealous?
Do you think he's jealous?
I didn't realize you were so good at behavioral analysis.
Indeed, William certainly is prone to jealousy.
Finding one's place, notably in the eyes of our father, is not easy and we each do what we can to succeed.
We all do what we can to succeed.
But I can't justify this perpetual rebellion against our rules.
Let's move on...
Is there a family head?
Is there a head of the family?
You'll see, you'll meet them all... of course, when you are ready.
They created us and set out the rules. Especially our Father.
As for our mother, she retired from the political stage we don't see her much anymore.
I think that all these questions simply bore her.
No questions...
I see... there is still much to learn.
Yes, it's true, you've got some catching up to do, my boy...
One thing you must understand, regarding any disagreements that might arise between William and myself, is his position with regard to mankind.
What do you mean?
For centuries we've been trying to help, and therefore preserve humanity.
Monarchies are simple and practical. They enable us to inspire humanity efficiently and I can't understand why William wants to replace them by democracy.
My father is right.
But, if your intention is not to dominate the human race, why not let them be master of their own destinies?
I perfectly understand this type of reaction from you, less from William.
The main thing you're lacking is time.
Man is transient... and one of his particularities is that he does not learn from the errors of his peers.
He uses up an incredible amount of energy building and destroying whatever he himself has put into place.
If we weren't here to help them, guide them, I sincerely believe that humanity would have become extinct by now.
We are eternal, Louis.
When we plan ahead, we do it for the long term.
That's more like despotism
I understand but that's more like tyranny, isn't it?
It's all a question of point of view.
From Man's point of view, I can understand he would have that impression if ever he found out.
But don't forget your true nature.
From the Daemons' point of view, in other words, ours, letting Man do as he thinks fit would equate to letting him race to his own demise.
But what about Man's freedom to choose?
That is Man's worst enemy, Louis.
Imagine a being that dies without reaching the age of adulthood, it remains a child.
We have to help him otherwise he will put himself in danger.
I understand
Indeed. From that point of view, it is better to... guide them.
It's rare for a novice daemon to manage to stop thinking like a man so quickly.
My father is wrong
Well, if our goal is to direct the future of humanity, it would work out easier through a monarchic system rather than a democracy.
I see you're a quick learner.
From now on, you know the fence that separates William from the rest of the family.
If only he would stop steering the destiny of certain countries like France or the United States of America in a more dangerous direction.
It has taken centuries for our family to establish relative peace between daemons.
Thanks to this policy, we have been able to decide everything by confining the other families to subordinate roles.
And now William is obsessed with disrupting everything.
Peace between Daemons? What do you mean?
I'm not talking about conflicts within our family. If that was all there was, everything would be fine.
But several other families, younger but nonetheless powerful, are trying to upset the balance.
At present, we dominate most of the major countries around the globe. But some families are pushing, via less influential countries, to gain ground.
Do you understand?
As best I can, yes.
When the times comes, you must take up a position on the political chess-board.
I only hope your father doesn't take you down with him.
Is he in danger?
Are you suggesting he might be in danger?
Well, Louis, our father's patience is not limitless.
If William ever goes too far, then yes, he will be in danger.
Am I in danger?
Are you trying to warn me that I am in danger?
Well, Louis, it will be up to you to choose.
Most of all, make sure you don't pick the wrong side. William has had all the time he needs to think about this.
You... do not.
I am sorry to say this but this first choice might well be of capital importance for your future.
Is this an invitation to follow you?
Are you offering me an alliance?
Louis, I do not believe that just because your father is mistaken all is lost for you.
You owe William nothing so there's nothing obliging you to support him.
I want you to make an informed choice.
Now go and see your father, see what he has to say and then think it over very carefully.
That's exactly what I intended to do.
Thank you, uncle.
Don't mention it, if I've been able to help you...
Go now.
Louis... I was sure you would stay.
I'm proud of you, you have made the right choice.
You must have been disappointed not to have been able to speak to Sarah one last time.
I would have liked her to tell you herself...
Well, I guess I'll never know now...
True...
Even so, there is one more thing I haven't told you about her...
Sarah was... my daughter.
Wh... What? But...
It took great maturity to forgive your sister as you did.
