I perfectly understand this type of reaction from you, less from William.
The main thing you're lacking is time.
Man is transient... and one of his particularities is that he does not learn from the errors of his peers.
He uses up an incredible amount of energy building and destroying whatever he himself has put into place.
If we weren't here to help them, guide them, I sincerely believe that humanity would have become extinct by now.
We are eternal, Louis.
When we plan ahead, we do it for the long term.
That's more like despotism
I understand but that's more like tyranny, isn't it?
It's all a question of point of view.
From Man's point of view, I can understand he would have that impression if ever he found out.
But don't forget your true nature.
From the Daemons' point of view, in other words, ours, letting Man do as he thinks fit would equate to letting him race to his own demise.
But what about Man's freedom to choose?
That is Man's worst enemy, Louis.
Imagine a being that dies without reaching the age of adulthood, it remains a child.
We have to help him otherwise he will put himself in danger.
I understand
Indeed. From that point of view, it is better to... guide them.
It's rare for a novice daemon to manage to stop thinking like a man so quickly.
My father is wrong
Well, if our goal is to direct the future of humanity, it would work out easier through a monarchic system rather than a democracy.
I see you're a quick learner.
From now on, you know the fence that separates William from the rest of the family.
If only he would stop steering the destiny of certain countries like France or the United States of America in a more dangerous direction.
It has taken centuries for our family to establish relative peace between daemons.
Thanks to this policy, we have been able to decide everything by confining the other families to subordinate roles.
And now William is obsessed with disrupting everything.
Peace between Daemons? What do you mean?
I'm not talking about conflicts within our family. If that was all there was, everything would be fine.
But several other families, younger but nonetheless powerful, are trying to upset the balance.
At present, we dominate most of the major countries around the globe. But some families are pushing, via less influential countries, to gain ground.
Do you understand?
As best I can, yes.
When the times comes, you must take up a position on the political chess-board.
I only hope your father doesn't take you down with him.
Is he in danger?
Are you suggesting he might be in danger?
Well, Louis, our father's patience is not limitless.
If William ever goes too far, then yes, he will be in danger.
Am I in danger?
Are you trying to warn me that I am in danger?
Well, Louis, it will be up to you to choose.
Most of all, make sure you don't pick the wrong side. William has had all the time he needs to think about this.
You... do not.
I am sorry to say this but this first choice might well be of capital importance for your future.
Is this an invitation to follow you?
Are you offering me an alliance?
Louis, I do not believe that just because your father is mistaken all is lost for you.
You owe William nothing so there's nothing obliging you to support him.
I want you to make an informed choice.
Now go and see your father, see what he has to say and then think it over very carefully.
That's exactly what I intended to do.
Thank you, uncle.
Don't mention it, if I've been able to help you...
Go now.
Sir Gregory?
Good day, Louis.
I think it would be good to talk.
Come in, please.
May I say how very sorry I am for what happened to Sarah.
Regardless of how she met her end, you grew up by her side and I wanted you to know that we have taken care of everything.
I... Yes, thank you.
Should you want to talk about it...
Again, thank you, but... I'd rather not.
We have found the body of the Duchess on the wharf...
I was going to inform you but I...
Don't worry. It's a lot to cope with for you, I do understand.
How are you feeling?
I don't know.
I understand.
I heard that William spoke to you at last about our nature, and our family.
It's a good thing. But you must be a bit shaken up.
That's the least you can say.
I bid you welcome among us, Louis.
Knowing William, he probably didn't go into any detail about our family, so if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
[MINDREADER]
Oh... I see he's already taught you how to read.
On the other hand, he obviously hasn't taught you our manners and customs.
You can read anyone's thoughts, but know that if you try to read the thoughts of a more experienced Daemon, he will sense you and might take offense of your lack of manners.
And he who is more experienced, is more dangerous.
Do you understand?
Yes, it can't get clearer than that.
Please excuse me.
How long have we been in existence?
How long has our family been in existence?
We have been here since the very beginning.
What do you mean? Exactly.
Are you trying to pull information out of me?
I... no, not at all. I was just wondering why that particular question seemed to disturb you.
Let us not insist then. You yourself weren't very convinced by the question, it seems.
How many are there in the family?
How many of us are there in the family?
There are eight brothers and sisters.
Why brothers and sisters?
What do you mean by brothers and sisters if we can change bodies?
You reason with logic.
We have retained the human habit.
When we first come into this world, we retain a certain attachment with out first envelope.
If we are born as a man we are brothers. If we are born as a woman, we are sisters.
