Me?
Never felt better, my friend!
I can't wait for the conference to resume.
We absolutely must get Lord Mortimer's project voted in, Louis.
The idea of selling Louisiana is a stroke of genius.
Mortimer clearly doesn't do things by half measures...
The poor wretch doesn't seem to remember a thing...
But... what about what happened?...
What are you talking about, Louis? I don't understand.
No doubt about it, Lord Mortimer's receptions are truly sumptuous.
I could quite happily remain here forever. But, what can I say?
All good things must come to an end.
If I were you, I wouldn't stay a minute longer with Sir Gregory.
Join us, my friend, nothing is going to stop us from winning the vote.
We shall see...
Anyway, I shan't disturb you any further.
But you're not disturbing me in the slightest, Louis.
See you later.
Monsieur de Richet, what can I do for you?
I was just passing by and wondered how you felt, monsieur.
Me?
Never felt better, my friend!
I can't wait for the conference to resume.
We absolutely must get Lord Mortimer's project voted in, Louis.
The idea of selling Louisiana is a stroke of genius.
Mortimer clearly doesn't do things by half measures...
The poor wretch doesn't seem to remember a thing...
But... what about what happened?...
What are you talking about, Louis? I don't understand.
No doubt about it, Lord Mortimer's receptions are truly sumptuous.
I could quite happily remain here forever. But, what can I say?
All good things must come to an end.
If I were you, I wouldn't stay a minute longer with Sir Gregory.
Join us, my friend, nothing is going to stop us from winning the vote.
We shall see...
Anyway, I shan't disturb you any further.
But you're not disturbing me in the slightest, Louis.
See you later.
See you later, Louis.
Leave me, de Richet.
I want nothing more to do with you.
I shall have left within the hour and I wish never to see you again for the rest of my life.
I haven't the time, Louis...
I have to write my report for his holiness.
Normally, I would be delighted to chat with you, but this is not the right time, my child...
His holiness awaits my report.
Ah, well... Louis...
What brings you back to my chambers?
May I sit down?
Of course, Louis. Don't you feel very well?
Yes, but if I'm gonna pass inside you, I'd better sit myself down first.
It's nothing, don't worry about it.
Well, what can I do for you?
Right, now I need to concentrate.
I wanted to speak to you, your Eminence.
Speak to him about Daemons
Do you believe in Daemons?
What are you going on about, Louis?
Where is he going with this?
I can feel something...
Daemons, your Eminence!
I am a Cardinal, of course I believe in evil!
What on earth is the matter with him? Is he losing his mind or what?
Alright hang in there, Louis, don't lose him!
Rest assured, your Eminence, I'm fine...
I... But... it's impossi...
Rest assured, your Eminence, I am fine...
Speak to him about politics
What exactly is your role with regard to the Holy-Father?
I...What?
What on earth is he playing at?
It's coming!
You're a Cardinal in pectore... Why don't you admit it?
Impertinent little brat!
Louis, I don't find this conversation in very good taste!
Alright, it's coming!
Come on, Giuseppe, let me in...
WH...
Speak to him about the Holy Lance
I wanted to thank you for your help...
I mean, for your time talking to me about the Holy Lance.
Oh, and did you find it?
It's the crusade of a lifetime for some people, Louis... You are searching for another Holy Grail.
Nearly there... Link into his thoughts!
Does it annoy you at all?
But... What on earth is he trying to get at?
Why do you ask, Louis?
I don't follow...
For the glory, your Eminence...
I can feel it coming! It's working!
What insolence!
Why... Really! I am a man of the Church, Louis!
May God keep me from such ambitions.
Right... let me in, your Eminence...
Why, rea...
Speak to him about the conference
Your Eminence, I'd like to speak to you about the conference.
Sorry, my son, but I would rather not speak about it...
Damn it. Change subjects, Louis...
Quick!
