And from her in the process.
I respect that.
Given what she did to me, she deserved nothing less.
And apparently I'm not the only one.
I'd rather not talk about it...
I understand.
Why didn't you tell me the truth about her?
I thought that might be too many truths to absorb at one time.
I intended to tell you afterwards. You were in a hurry, so I made a decision.
You've been able to understand and choose for yourself.
As for your two other sisters, I kept your bond a secret for the same reason.
Gregory ignored my advice.
I wanted to give you time Louis, that's all.
How do you feel?
Hard to say...
Overwhelmed
... Confused about everything...
I have to admit, it's... it's been a lot to take in, in such a short amount of time.
Intrigued.
... Quite curious to find out more.
My whole way of thinking has been blown apart in just a couple hours.
Relieved
... At peace, really.
Oddly enough, I... I understand things that have happened to me better now...
Anxious
...Worried.
I wonder where it's all going to end.
What could be more normal?
It may have been a bit brutal, but you've just grown up, in a very short space of time.
From now on you can influence your own future.
I will guide you... We've all the time we need.
You're not the first to make me that offer.
What do you mean by that?
Your brother... Sir Gregory.
Gregory... Why am I not even surprised...
What did he say?
[MINDREADER]
...
He's not thinking about anything...
Louis! What have I taught you?
Never try to read the thoughts of a Daemon more experienced than yourself!
You cannot read my thoughts. Why won't you learn your lesson? This is the last time I will warn you.
He spoke to me about you
According to him, the family is a prickly subject for you...
He exaggerates.
I don't have problems with all our family, far from it.
I admit I find it difficult to follow the path set out before me sometimes.
I don't share their vision and they don't understand me.
They find you unstable...
He spoke to me about your Father
I've been given to understand that you have a ‘difficult' relationship with your father, isn't that right?
Let's just say we don't see things the same way.
I ended up finding out that there's a world outside the rules he has imposed on us.
Men could think the same thing of Daemons
It seems you find yourself in the same position that you've placed Men...
You were told what to do, what to think, and you found it unbearable.
Imagine if humanity finds out you secretly direct them.
How do you think they'd react?
Your analogy is not without substance.
But that's where it ends. Man's main flaw is his willingness to forget and to make the same errors time and again.
He can't help it, he is mortal.
Let's say no more...
He is worried for you
I think he's worried about you...
Worried? Hahahaha! Marvelous!
That's just like him...
You know, in a family like ours, we all have a role to play.
And his is to worry about everyone else.
Let me reassure you, there's no reason for him to worry about me.
Not even with regards to your father?
Like the relationship with your father for exemple?
I... it's sometimes complicated, I must admit.
I like to understand things, even if it means thinking outside the box...
In fact, that's a character trait that you seem to have inherited.
You haven't answered my question
You haven't answered about your father.
What did I tell you...
You are too curious, my son. Let time do its work.
Notice nothing
And what about your role?
And what's your role in this family?
Mine?
Oh, I think they probably feel I'm... the eternal naysayer, I suppose.
I think one mustn't be afraid of change and that it is healthy to challenge oneself at regular intervals.
And my role?
And what would my role be in all of this?
That's for you to decide... I'm not trying to force you, Louis.
I have high hopes for you, but the decision remains yours to make...
Change subjects, Louis!
Not much, he bid me welcome to the family, that's all...
Louis... Gregory is my brother. Always has been.
And he never goes anywhere... to say or do: "not much".
He must have told you that he's worried about me, that he wants to be there for you and that you ought to be wary of me.
Yes, something like that.
I don't impose anything on anyone, I'm just following my own path.
That said, Elizabeth didn't decide to stab herself nine times on her own, did she?
But where does it lead?
I suppose I should explain.
For centuries now, Daemons have emerged in and around great leaders all over the world.
But like true tyrants, they have governed with a iron fist in a studded glove!
