Best remain discreet for the time being.
We shall go see Father later and tell him everything...
Of course he'll be disappointed because he bet it would be Emily, I think...
Wow, she is completely mad!
But I think he will be proud of me when all is said and done.
She's talking to herself...
She can't even see me...
He loves me... oh, he loves me not...
Yes, we'll have to tell Father all about this...
But I don't want to live on this island, it's too cold...
There's no point in insisting anymore...
I'm going, Emma.
Yes, I'll see you later....
Oh! Your... Your arm! It's awful!
Now she notices?
I... an accident, it's nothing serious...
We have to talk...
I was just wondering...
Uh-oh... what's she smiling for?
Right, I shall begin.
It's going to be an awful lot for you to take in on just one day....
But.... I must tell you that I'm a Daemon too.
Excuse me?
I know that you are too... Gregory told me everything during my convalescence.
Your convalescence?
Long story short...
For starters I'm not Emily.
What?
You can't be disappointed...
You're the one who chose... must I remind you?
If only I'd known.
I made a huge mistake!
She should be where you are now!
Well, it's too late now.
You rotten bitch!
Don't make her mad.
I had a fifty-fifty chance...
A fifty-fifty chance of getting the right one!
That remains to be proven.
Careful Louis... Don't be hurtful...
You're better off for it, believe me...
There, now there are no secrets between us.
Fine... as you want.
And that isn't all... I'm also Mortimer's daughter.
You understand... what that means I hope...
I...
Er...
That's right. I am a Daemon too, and I am your sister.
And we also slept together!
But don't be too hard on yourself...
It's a bit unnatural when you think about it, but then you couldn't know...
This way at least, everything stays in the family, it's for the best...
It mustn't prevent us from living out our affair in the open, however.
Our affair?
Have you lost your mind?
I'm far too soft on you... I'll let you have everything, of course!
So don't be nasty, if you don't mind.
Calm her down.
She's not all there, it's... it's plain to see.
Yes... true, it's... it's been a long day.
Yes... You ought to get some rest.
You can sleep there, you know that, right?
Although... thinking about it.
Don't be taken in
Emma... It doesn't make sense...
The mere thought makes me sick!
Shut up!
You always have to ruin everything!
But not this time, do you hear me?
Best remain discreet for the time being.
We shall go see Father later and tell him everything...
Of course he'll be disappointed because he bet it would be Emily, I think...
Wow, she is completely mad!
But I think he will be proud of me when all is said and done.
She's talking to herself...
She can't even see me...
He loves me... oh, he loves me not...
Yes, we'll have to tell Father all about this...
But I don't want to live on this island, it's too cold...
There's no point in insisting anymore...
I'm going, Emma.
Yes, I'll see you later....
Emily?
Emma?
Come in, Louis...
Enter
Leave.
Why is his study in such a mess? Looks like Wöllner is planning something...
Why is his study in such a mess? Looks like Wöllner is planning something...
I falsified a letter for the pope
I chose to discredit Sir Gregory in my letter to the pope
I chose to discredit Lord Mortimer in my letter to the pope
I chose to discredit Lord Mortimer and Sir Gregory in my letter to the pope
I learned to use my new power
I temporarily became allied to Lord Mortimer for the continuation of the conference
I temporarily became allied to Sir Gregory for the continuation of the conference
I succeeded in stopping von Wöllner from poisoning me
I failed to stop von Wöllner from poisoning me
I found out where I can pick up Al Azif
I've found the cards that von Wöllner stole from Lord Mortimer
