When will you understand that it's necessary to impose order for things to move forward properly?
You are under his thumb and proud of it! Open your eyes, for crying out loud!
His whole system has become outdated and he's too old to see it.
He will lead us to our demise!
Here he goes with another of his grand speeches...
William has always been fond of staging big scenes. It's his theatrical side.
You can say that again
Does he have an inferiority complex?
I've told him time and time again, Louis.
He always has to take it one step too far.
Don't reveal...
How dare y...
You are blind, Brother. Even if if the evidence bit you on the nose, you still wouldn't see it.
I feel sorry for you.
Tea is drunk hot or not at all, William! When will you learn?
It's too bitter!
You shouldn't let it infuse so long.
I knew you'd be coming along... You are so predictable.
Methodical, more like.
Things must be accomplished in the right order if we want the world to keep turning as it does.
And too bad for the consequences?
Whatever the consequences?
What do you mean?
Let's say it hardly leaves any room for free will, does it?
It's the adult's responsibility to provide education for their children, Louis.
Our family only ensures, through its experience, that Daemons do not lose themselves in rash decision-making
It resembles an autocratic regime.
When you speak of the “right order”, I can't help hearing “your order”.
Louis, don't you think that by now we have acquired a certain experience?
Don't you think that we are the best placed to know what the “right order” should be by now?
I mostly understand that even with the best of intentions, this kind of talk could well be misinterpreted.
Every powerful man has had to speak in this way at some stage.
That doesn't mean they were right or that they achieved great things.
Take the Kings of France, for example, they weren't all good monarchs.
But what's he afraid that Mortimer will do to me?
You came here to warn me, sir.
To advise you.
Advise me against my Father.
Why?
I think you are capable of deciding for...
You haven't answered my question.
Why warn me against my Father? What are you afraid he will do to me?
Well, I wouldn't want him to lead you into I-don't-know-what absurd adventure in which...
You act as though I were in danger...
I agree with Louis, Gregory. You are trying to pass me off as the villain about to devour poor Louis.
That's's not funny, William!
I won't let him follow you!
You see, Louis, Gregory came here to make you change your mind.
It's time for things to change. I acknowledge Father has done many good things for humanity...
But his time is over, and now he must pass on the torch.
That's enough!
There, Louis! That's the pathetic example your Father has to offer.
I really am sorry about what happened to you.
You don't know our family yet. We can't have given you a very good impression but bear in mind that we are all against William's project.
On the contrary!
If he insists on going through with it, we will have no other choice than to intervene by force.
Consequently, you're going to have chose sides, my dear boy. I would sincerely rather have met you in easier circumstances...
There you are, Louis.
See what happens when you don't follow their orders to the letter.
Louis, I'm afraid now is the time to decide.
If you follow William, he will drag you down with him.
If, on the other hand, you support me, I can assure you that nothing will happen to you.
You won't be mixed up in your father's errors.
The masks are off.
I offer you liberty. He obliges you to choose. And shamelessly asks you to betray your own father.
That is their true face...
Right, before I answer, I'd better think it over very carefully.
Do I intend to embrace my Daemon nature and take my place on the chess-board?
Do I stay out of it and do my utmost to stop them?
Or do I renounce my nature and do all I can to stay human?
I AM A DAEMON
It's useless trying to resist my true nature. I am a Daemon, may as well accept it, the sooner the better.
Even if I continue to live as a human, all my friends and acquaintances will inevitably end up dying... and I'll be left on my own, forever.
I am a Daemon and I have to behave like one, the sooner the better!
I AM A MAN
I was born a man, I... I grew up as such!
Finding out that I'm a Daemon makes no difference.
I refuse to let them manipulate humanity the way they do!
They're gonna ask me to choose between them, I'll just have to go with the lesser evil of the two.
But they'd better not count on me to keep my word... I'll bring them all down!
So?
What do you choose, Louis?
JOIN FORCES WITH MORTIMER
I shall follow my Father, Sir Gregory.
Very well. You can't say I didn't warn you.
Please don't take offense, but I just can't turn my back on him.
That said, if he turns his back on me, I won't be slow in sticking a dagger between his shoulder blades...
JOIN FORCES WITH HOLM
Father, I'm sorry but if I'm going to follow my instincts, I can't in good conscience follow you.
Wh... But...
I hope you won't take it personally...but I prefer to support Sir Gregory.
Very well! You have made your choice!
It's time we finished what we started, Brother!
The final vote of the conference over the acquisition of Louisiana will take place in a few hours.
I propose you gather your troops and prepare to close the debate.
That's what I was going to suggest.
Come, follow me.
It's time for us to get ready.
Monsieur de Richet, what can I do for you?
I was just passing by and wondered how you felt, monsieur.
