Think!
Some figures are the same in both codes... yet they correspond to different letters.
The day is not translated. That must be the key to the code!
Go back
Do without the code
I could pretend that the code got erased during the voyage, as if the letter arrived in really bad condition...
That would be perfectly understandable given that it's traveled across the seas, right?
Today is the 24.01.1793...|ConvertLetterCode(6)
Change the code
Change a letter
First
Second
Third
Fourth
Fifth
Sixth
Change all the code
Go back
That's it!
Finish the letter
It's finished... I just need to put the seal on it.
To hell with it... I just hope everything is perfect...or, well, close enough.
Sir Gregory?
Good day, Louis.
I think it would be good to talk.
Come in, please.
May I say how very sorry I am for what happened to Sarah.
Regardless of how she met her end, you grew up by her side and I wanted you to know that we have taken care of everything.
I... Yes, thank you.
Should you want to talk about it...
Again, thank you, but... I'd rather not.
We have found the body of the Duchess on the wharf...
I was going to inform you but I...
Don't worry. It's a lot to cope with for you, I do understand.
How are you feeling?
I don't know.
I understand.
I heard that William spoke to you at last about our nature, and our family.
It's a good thing. But you must be a bit shaken up.
That's the least you can say.
I bid you welcome among us, Louis.
Knowing William, he probably didn't go into any detail about our family, so if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
[MINDREADER]
Oh... I see he's already taught you how to read.
On the other hand, he obviously hasn't taught you our manners and customs.
You can read anyone's thoughts, but know that if you try to read the thoughts of a more experienced Daemon, he will sense you and might take offense of your lack of manners.
And he who is more experienced, is more dangerous.
Do you understand?
Yes, it can't get clearer than that.
Please excuse me.
How long have we been in existence?
How long has our family been in existence?
We have been here since the very beginning.
What do you mean? Exactly.
Are you trying to pull information out of me?
I... no, not at all. I was just wondering why that particular question seemed to disturb you.
Let us not insist then. You yourself weren't very convinced by the question, it seems.
How many are there in the family?
How many of us are there in the family?
There are eight brothers and sisters.
Why brothers and sisters?
What do you mean by brothers and sisters if we can change bodies?
You reason with logic.
We have retained the human habit.
When we first come into this world, we retain a certain attachment with out first envelope.
If we are born as a man we are brothers. If we are born as a woman, we are sisters.
But I must admit it has absolutely no real importance. They are just bodies.
Are there any other families?
Tell me then, are there any other families like ours?
There are officially seven.
But we are the oldest and therefore the most powerful.
Let us say no more...
Why does Mortimer rebel?
What's Lord Mortimer's problem?
I think he allows himself to be devoured by a need for recognition.
Has he always been like that?
More or less. But thinking about it, I believe that the birth of our youngest brother greatly accentuated his discomfort.
Is he jealous?
Do you think he's jealous?
I didn't realize you were so good at behavioral analysis.
Indeed, William certainly is prone to jealousy.
Finding one's place, notably in the eyes of our father, is not easy.
We all do what we can to succeed.
But I can't justify this perpetual rebellion against our rules.
Let's move on...
Is there a family head?
Is there a head of the family?
You'll see, you'll meet them all... of course, when you are ready.
They created us and set out the rules. Especially our Father.
As for our mother, she retired from the political stage we don't see her much anymore.
I think that all these questions simply bore her.
No questions...
I see... there is still much to learn.
Yes, it's true, you've got some catching up to do, my boy...
One thing you must understand, regarding any disagreements that might arise between William and myself, is his position with regard to mankind.
What do you mean?
For centuries we've been trying to help, and therefore preserve humanity.
Monarchies are simple and practical. They enable us to inspire humanity efficiently and I can't understand why William wants to replace them by democracy.
My father is right.
But, if your intention is not to dominate the human race, why not let them be master of their own destinies?
