That's horseshit! You must know of a remedy. I mean, you've been around for centuries, you're a chemist!
You must know about poisons!
Yes, but I don't know everything...
The liquid was light green
The poison was greenish with a blue sheen.
Sardonyx, monkshood perhaps... henbane?
Louis...
Arsenic!
Louis!
What?
I think your best chance is to count on your Daemon nature.
I'm confident that you'll be able to resist the poison, whatever it is.
Look at yourself. You've already endured many trials, you'll be able to get through this one, I'm sure!
That's all you've got for me?
Your answer is to wait and see?
Have faith in yourself, Louis.
The same thing happened to me. I'm not saying it's going to be a barrel of laughs...
I'm condemned, aren't I...
That bastard, I'm gonna kill him for this...
No no no no no! You haven't the right... at least, not here.
That said, I can promise you he will pay dearly for this outrage.
Here's your letter.
I have to admit that the experience was utterly amazing.
Come, tell me more...
I almost threw up
Well, honestly, I... My stomach was just turning in circles.
Hahaha! That reminds me of my first time…
Can't wait for the next time!
Not much else to say, other than I've already developed a taste for it.
Delighted to hear it! Bear in mind that you will discover many new things by going from body to body.
Is it possible to go from one body to another several times?
With practice, yes.
Some of us have become masters in the art of bouncing from one body to another.
To the extent that they can't be found.
I had to do it twice
To tell you the truth, I didn't make it through the first time.
Well, that's quite normal on the first try.
No difficulty
Everything went as planned.
I didn't encounter any particular difficulties.
Well done you! On my first try, well, it took me three goes...
But you did it...
Gregory? What can I do for you?
I've just come to make sure dear Louis has all the information he needs.
Needs for what?
You are free to make your own choices, William?
I would like the same for him too.
There's nothing I want more, Gregory.
Your schemes will lead you to your demise, Brother.
Preserve Louis. He has nothing to do with all this.
The end of the conference approaches and this masquerade will soon be torn asunder.
Don't drag him down with you in your disgrace.
Johann infected Louis with poison to eliminate him before the conference, Gregory.
I... No, he didn't...
You know what that means?
No, wait!
There must be an explanation!
In MY residence!
He attacked MY son!
And Johann is mine!!
If he made the unforgivable error of attacking Louis, I will personally take care of him!
He will be gone by this evening!
How do you feel?
I want my revenge!
I want him to pay!
I can assure you he will be punished, I'll be firm.
But I must do it alone... He's my son.
I refuse to put Johann at your mercy.
Alright... Louis, you can trust him, Johann will have to take responsibility for his action.
For the moment, not so bad
The poison hasn't taken effect yet.
I don't feel anything in particular.
Good.
I hope your metabolism will react against the poison.
I'm afraid
I don't believe this, I'm going to die...
Don't say that, nothing is less certain. You'll make it through, Louis!
If you didn't know Johann had poisoned Louis, what did you come for?
I came to persuade you to let him choose.
Ye of little faith!
On the contrary, Brother.
Louis has just entered the family.
Give him a chance to find his place.
His place?
Under Father's reign, we all know what it is in advance!
What do you mean?
What place is that?
At the end of a leash, like all the others.
Say nothing
Don't listen to him, he's angry with our Father.
And with good reason!
He governs us in the same way he governs humanity...
Through fear and submission!
Same old tune...
When will you understand that it's necessary to impose order for things to move forward properly?
You are under his thumb and proud of it! Open your eyes, for crying out loud!
His whole system has become outdated and he's too old to see it.
He will lead us to our demise!
Here he goes with another of his grand speeches...
William has always been fond of staging big scenes. It's his theatrical side.
