Yes, I see, I see...
No time for a chitchat with an elder, of course...
Well, run along, my young friend!
Louis... Busy as always I see?
How lucky you are... I must admit I'm trying to kill the boredom myself...
That's the least you can say...
I get the impression we're all in the same boat...
There was me thinking you might have some hot gossip...
And yourself, anything to tell?
No, nothing... And you?
I would like to have been able to say yes but it's been dead quiet...
The only one with anything to say for himself is Duke Manuel but I don't understand a word he says with his accent, it's exasperating...
Right, I've wasted enough time!
I'll keep silent about your feelings, Mr President. Anyway, I'll be getting along now.
See you later, Louis.
No, alas...
I wish I could entertain you but apart from recommending a few paintings, I'm lost for what to suggest...
That's very kind of you but I'm quite sick of gazing at all those modern paintings!
Thank you all the same...
A last guest is expected
Monsieur Godoy heard that we are expecting a last minute guest...
Pardon?
Yes, a certain Al Azif?
Hmm... Strange... Doesn't ring a bell...
Moght as well not say any more if he has nothing interesting to say...
Me neither...
He must have misunderstood, the conference has started...
Godoy is too used to court intrigue if you ask me...
I agree with you...
Well, nevertheless I hope I have entertained you a little?
Yes, thank you, Louis, I don't need much!
And don't hesitate if you have any news?
I won't, Mr President.
I haven't the time
I'm sorry, Mr President, but I don't have a minute to spare right now and...
Yes, I see, I see...
No time for a chitchat with an elder, of course...
Well, run along, my young friend!
Please don't hold it against me but I would like to be alone for a while.
Your Eminence, all ready to send the...
What's he doing here?
Damn it! That's all I need...
Don't worry... He can't hear us...
What do you mean "he can't hear us"?
What's going on here, Piaggi?
MINDREADER
The old goat is going to drop us! The lousy turncoat!
He'd better not tell me he just fell asleep!
Say that you have exorcised Louis
Just calm down, calm down.
Louis came to see me because he claimed he was hearing voices.
We've just finished an exorcism session.
An exorcism?...
Are you having me on? I can't see any exorcism instruments!
That's because I've just put them away...
I don't know what you're up to, Piaggi, but I do know you're trying to pull one over on me...
Tell him you gave Louis a tranquilizer
Calm down, now.
Monsieur de Richet came to see me because he was having anxiety attacks and wanted something to help him relax.
I'm afraid I've been a little heavy handed.
You can say that again!
Say Louis is tired
I don't know what to say...
He was already here when I entered my room.
I presumed he must be tired.
Tired?...
Are you having me on, Piaggi, or what?
What, I wouldn't dare.
I don't know what you're trying to pull but I really don't like it!
Tell him Louis has has passed out
Calm down, my friend.
The poor boy has just passed out.
We were talking about this and that when suddenly he fainted, keeled over, just like that.
Huh, really, what a weakling!
I wonder what Mortimer sees in him.
Who knows...
I was about to fetch someone to take care of him.
Would you care to go...
There he is and there he stays! The perfect opportunity!
What do you mean?
It's been a while now that I've been hoping for a chance to get rid of him.
I... no... Listen, my son, this is all getting out of hand.
Hogwash! I don't trust him in the slightest!
Why not?
No... I... But why the devil do you want to get rid of him?
Can you keep a secret?
Of course
Of course, my son.
Would you like to tell me under the confidentiality of confession?
Ach, don't talk rubbish!
I don't trust the little runt because he is Mortimer's son, would you believe it!
How does he know?
Dear God, how is that possible?
I am flabbergasted...
I'd rather not know
No, I don't think I'd like to know about anything that would justify such an act...
I don't know what's wrong with you but you really must pull yourself together!
The conference will soon be on us and I don't need you falling to pieces now!
Don't worry, I shall be there.
We've wasted enough time, what if he wakes up!
