I'm afraid I've been a little heavy handed.
You can say that again!
Say Louis is tired
I don't know what to say...
He was already here when I entered my room.
I presumed he must be tired.
Tired?...
Are you having me on, Piaggi, or what?
What, I wouldn't dare.
I don't know what you're trying to pull but I really don't like it!
Tell him Louis has has passed out
Calm down, my friend.
The poor boy has just passed out.
We were talking about this and that when suddenly he fainted, keeled over, just like that.
Huh, really, what a weakling!
I wonder what Mortimer sees in him.
Who knows...
I was about to fetch someone to take care of him.
Would you care to go...
There he is and there he stays! The perfect opportunity!
What do you mean?
It's been a while now that I've been hoping for a chance to get rid of him.
I... no... Listen, my son, this is all getting out of hand.
Hogwash! I don't trust him in the slightest!
Why not?
No... I... But why the devil do you want to get rid of him?
Can you keep a secret?
Of course
Of course, my son.
Would you like to tell me under the confidentiality of confession?
Ach, don't talk rubbish!
I don't trust the little runt because he is Mortimer's son, would you believe it!
How does he know?
Dear God, how is that possible?
I am flabbergasted...
I'd rather not know
No, I don't think I'd like to know about anything that would justify such an act...
I don't know what's wrong with you but you really must pull yourself together!
The conference will soon be on us and I don't need you falling to pieces now!
Don't worry, I shall be there.
We've wasted enough time, what if he wakes up!
If you don't want to get your hands dirty, just turn away and leave everything to me!
This is not a decision to be taken lightly.
You're defending him now?
What are you talking about? Of course not.
He's made you change sides, hasn't he?
MINDREADER
The slime bag...he works for Mortimer!
Good thing I already tried to warn Gregory!
Of course not.
You find Louis unconscious and conclude that I'm his accomplice?
It's not so much finding him here as you being against me getting rid of him...
That's not what you thought the day before yesterday after he eavesdropped on our conversation!
That's right, he's made me change sides!
Even if I confess his arguments hit home...
So that's it!
You don't even bother to hide it!
What's the connection between my vote and his life?
I knew you would end up changing sides!
Holm will be against it
I am certain that Sir Gregory would be opposed.
You know nothing!
I know Sir Gregory better than...
That's against the rules of the conference, Monsieur von Wöllner!
I refuse to go against Sir Gregory.
Right...
Not in my room!
Committing a crime in my room is out of the question!
Think, it will all be on our heads, no doubt about it!
I...
I refuse to run the risk!
Right...
You are going too far!
I refuse to get involved! That's against the rules, for heaven's sake!
The rules?
The consequences of the conference could well destabilize the world order. It's our duty to shelve Mortimer's project.
And to accomplish that, anything goes!
Monsieur von Wöllner, I always act in the best interest of all.
I assure you!
Everyone's entitled to an opinion...
You must have lost your mind to want to take such an extreme course of action!
No one's asking you to help me do it.
MINDREADER
He is capable of reporting me to Sir Gregory!
I'm really risking my neck here...
I'll tell Holm everything!
If you lay a finger on him I'll denounce you to Sir Gregory! I'm warning you!
You old weasel!
I will report it to your King
If you commit a murder, I will report you directly to King Frederick!
I fear nothing, imbecile! The King is my friend!
He will never believe you!
I will tell Mortimer!
I'm warning you, if you continue, I will inform Lord Mortimer!
I'm not afraid of Mortimer! It's Sir Gregory I serve!
You run the risk getting the conference canceled!
You can't attack him without running the risk of jeopardizing the conference!
Even though Sir Gregory has the edge?
No... Gregory will never forgive you.
Good Outcome
