Given the number of wars, it doesn't seem to be working
And you think that's been a success?
Humanity, it's almost always at war. And it's been this way forever.
Look, I'm not saying that the task is easy.
We've all had failures and at times we have even suffered from conflicts on our own side.
I'm doing my best to improve the situation.
Why not impose peace?
As we have the power to influence their will, why not impose the desire to live in peace?
We do exactly that, on a regular basis.
But a leopard cannot change its spots.
When the person that you inspired dies, you have to start all over again with the next one.
It's painstaking work Louis.
Why not teach them to be autonomous?
What proves that Men are unable to evolve without our control?
Look at history.
Every time Man tries to act on his own, he creates more problems than solutions.
You will understand better after a few centuries.
Why not, after all.
I see your point.
Our family clings to its privileges and to the past.
And that's how they are putting us in danger.
But time has come for change!
Now that you know your true nature, there are still a few things I need to teach you.
What do you mean exactly?
A new skill... and not the least, Louis.
It's about taking control of a person...
How do you do that?
I don't see how I could do that...
I shall help you the first time.
How is that possible?
How do you do it?
It's an anima resonance... How it works is still a bit unclear, even to us.
Like a wave or a sound?
That seems the most likely, yes.
In my opinion, Daemons are capable of tuning their psychic frequency to that of others.
That is why, for example, I tend to surround myself with deaf and dumb servants. The servants dressed in black.
I infiltrated them, I opened a channel between them and me, and then I deprived them of speech and hearing.
This way no other Daemon can turn them against me.
I'm ready
Ok, let's not waste any more time.
I deduce that you're impatient to master what's in store for you...
That is good.
I thought I'd mix business with pleasure for this first time...
What do you mean by that?
The conference will come to a close shortly, as you know.
Not that I'm fed up with archaic diplomacy, but it's time to ensure the success of this project.
To make this happen, I would like Piaggi to inform the Pope he has changed sides...
Rig the conference?
You... you're going to use your powers to alter the votes?
The real game is about to begin, Louis.
Up till now, the guests have been sizing each other up. From now on, it's time for Gregory and myself to play.
As well as you yourself, now.
Say nothing
Here is my plan.
I would like you to join his Eminence in his room.
Just play along... We'll see when the time comes.
Very well. And then?
You're going to have to trust me...
What we're going to do is painless for the human you are going to invade.
"Invade"?
Yes, you are going to enter his mind and take control.
You're going to influence his actions and his psyche.
But how?
Say nothing
Make him speak, then concentrate.
You must focus on him, in order to feel his thoughts.
Then, while speaking, you must link with him.
Once you're done, you will naturally find your way to the source and enter into his thoughts.
But what if I fail?
Trust in your instincts...
You just have to let yourself go. You have the skill, let your nature come to the fore.
You'll see...
If you fail, you'll be in for some light banter with his Eminence, that's all. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Very well...
Perfect.
Go now, the cardinal is in his room.
You will have to write a letter to the Pope as if Piaggi had written it himself.
In this letter, tell the pope that whatever happens during the conference, he must follow my propositions.
But be careful, in order to protect himself from counterfeiters, the Pope had Piaggi's hand tattooed with a symbol, to be sure of his identity.
You'll see when you're inside him, you'll understand.
Once it's written up, just bring it back to me and I'll send it off immediately.
Alright, I'll take care of it.
Louis... I was sure you would stay.
I'm proud of you, you have made the right choice.
You must have been disappointed not to have been able to speak to Sarah one last time.
I would have liked her to tell you herself...
Well, I guess I'll never know now...
True...
Even so, there is one more thing I haven't told you about her...
Sarah was... my daughter.
Wh... What? But...
It took great maturity to forgive your sister as you did.
She brought me up, I... I realize I owed her a lot.
We all make mistakes, as Sarah well knows.
Your decision not to see Sarah, your... sister, anymore...
I admire your determination.
She stole my life from me.
Even though I already owe her a lot, I... I don't want anything to do with her anymore.
You are the master of all your decisions from now on.
Now, you are definitively free from your sister's lies.
