That's the impression I get...
But you see, people's discontent is increasing, and they are too high up to hear it. They take themselves for gods!
Sooner or later, the people will turn against us, just as they have in the past.
Each time it's happened, many of us have died. We must master the humans yes, but gently.
And the best way of doing that is by allowing them a free choice, Louis...
Is that his project?
So that's your project?
He wants to give Men a free choice?
You really are trying to liberate Men?
Of course not entirely, no.
It is easier to keep control over people who slumber than people who are oppressed.
A man with nothing to lose is a dangerous man! Whereas if you give him a roof, food and entertainment, he will do whatever you want!
The best way of getting them to achieve something, is to make them think it was their idea.
For that, they have to feel as if they are free.
Hang on, what do you mean?
Look at the United States. From the start I introduced an idea that will change everything.
The idea that everything is possible. Everyone can become someone.
Is there anything more beautiful?
You mean it's not true?
Man can move mountains when he believes it is in his own interest.
And what nobler cause is there than his own freedom?
Have you any other examples?
Do you have any more examples?
Of course.
Let's speak about slavery!
Talk to me about slavery.
Well, take the slave trade, for example. It's an archaic practice that simply has to stop!
Today, black slaves of America work for free and in unbearable conditions. They are cooped up like animals and they are not integrated into society.
Tomorrow, if you free the blacks and offer them work along with a salary, they will bless you for it.
Then, they will be integrated into the system. They will be taxable.
Once they are free, they will have to work for a roof, pay taxes and feed their families.
Maybe we could take away the civil rights of prisoners, for example.
In this way, we'll keep control of all those who respect the system and benefit from the others as workforce.
The emancipation of women?
And what would you propose for women?
They must be given the right to work and to vote!
Look, at the moment they don't work. They take care of raising children.
What a mistake!
We have to get them out of the house. Make them work!
In this way, not only will they become consumers, but they will also delegate the job of education to the system.
We could guide humanity from a young age, Louis. Don't you see ?
Today, we are wasting too much time.
Let's speak of religions
Talk to me about religions.
They were initially my father's idea, and we have to admit now that they just don't work.
Louis, what obscurantism!
By harping on this concept of good and evil, guilt and redemption, look where Men are now.
Locked up in beliefs that should no longer exist.
It's time for Men to rediscover themselves and to take control of their lives. As they really are. Without any moral judgment.
Progress?
Tell me what you think about progress.
Progress is essential, Louis! It's the future!
Progress must liberate humanity from burdensome chores.
Progress must replace Man wherever his presence is not obligatory.
It creates both the desire and the need.
It will liberate women as soon as the machines are able to do all the chores in the home automatically. It will bring Men together by bringing a faster means of locomotion.
Look at the cultural revolution that printing brought about.
Let us say no more...
But the most important of all has already been laid. The foundation stone:
Freedom of speech. The first amendment of the constitution.
There must be opponents to every project. So above all, don't develop a one-track approach otherwise Man won't have enough room for expression to feel free.
If Man sees his chains, he will only want to break them.
How horrible, it's immoral!
But that's completely immoral!
Immoral? Louis! You surprise me...
Morality has nothing to do with it.
Morality is a concept that we invented ourselves to domesticate Man. Don't react like them.
Can't you see it's all within your grasp?
It's not very noble, if you ask me. But maybe you invented that concept too?
What will happen if I refuse to subjugate Men?
It will come naturally to you, my son.
But not with the aim of subjugation but rather to create the best balance possible.
You'll see. It comes to us all after a few centuries. I'm just trying to help you save some time.
They are perishable, Louis. They come and they go. They are mere butterflies that take themselves for gods.
If we give Men the feeling that they are free, I am convinced that they will exceed their limits.
And it is only from that condition that humanity shall rise up.
But do you want to dominate or raise humanity higher?
I want it to advance!
I want it to progress!
Man is our vessel. If he progresses, then so do we.
Wouldn't you like to know what we really are?
Who do you mean? Daemons?
Yes, us. Our species.
I've been searching for centuries, trying to find a way to explain the reason of our existence. But humanity is not yet evolved enough to make any progress on the subject.
I am convinced that the sciences will bring that knowledge someday!
So that's your objective, is it?
To understand who we are.
It's still manipulation!
I understand your goal but the change you propose is not really a significant one...
It is merely more smoke and mirrors.
You must understand that we directly depend on Men.
Consequently, we have to do our utmost to help them progress and to prevent them from killing each other.
Given the number of wars, it doesn't seem to be working
And you think that's been a success?
Humanity, it's almost always at war. And it's been this way forever.
Look, I'm not saying that the task is easy.
We've all had failures and at times we have even suffered from conflicts on our own side.
I'm doing my best to improve the situation.
Why not impose peace?
As we have the power to influence their will, why not impose the desire to live in peace?
