I cannot permit this to continue...
What's... What's wrong, my Lord?
Tell me, what's with all the bodyguards?
Louis, it's time you found out the truth.
I've been observing you since you arrived.
I see you running all over the grounds, in search of Sarah.
I would like to prevent her from leading you even further down the wrong road.
That is?
The wrong road?
Louis, Sarah has made her own choices.
Of her own free will.
And I would like for you to have the same chance.
Say nothing
You see, Sarah and I have known each other for a very long time, Louis.
I am aware of her theory.
About me...
About Gregory...
About the Daemons.
And it's false.
So you're gonna tell me she is wrong?...And that she's a liar?
And she says the truth
And it's true.
Say nothing
And she is right.
Look at me. I have inhabited this body since 1191. For the last 602 years I have been this dear William Mortimer.
He is the devil.
You're the devil incarnate!
The devil?
I'm not saying that all Judaeo-Christian folklore hasn't served us, but the truth is, of course, something quite different.
Please don't look at us through the primitive prism of religions.
I am not hiding any horns or goat's feet, Louis. I have no tail.
That folklore?
Why do you bring up folklore?
You mean that you've taken advantage of people's beliefs?
No, not exactly.
I mean that we in fact created them from scratch.
It is amazing to see how Mankind has such a strong need to believe in something superior to itself.
It was very instructive for what was to come.
Go back
Since when have the Daemons been among us?
You've been Mortimer for 600 years? How long have the Daemons been among Mankind?
I don't think I'd be lying if I said that we have always been here.
Speak about certain historical events.
If I follow you, you must have witnessed some of the greatest moments in History.
You could certainly say that, yes.
Ancient Egypt?
Did you know Ancient Egypt?
Oh, yes, yes. We were Gods on earth in those days.
What did Men call you then?
Amenhotep IV.
The...
The tenth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty?
Oh, I see you're a connoisseur, Louis. Impressive.
The Greeks?
Did you know Ancient Greece?
In many ways, yes.
One day Pericles, the next Parmenides.
Just the memory of the time I spent working on acoustics with Pythagoras... Well, it... it moves me quite deeply, to tell the truth.
Pericles? He's the one who brought Athens to its golden age, isn't he?
In a way, yes.
He established democracy, and then died during an epidemic. It wasn't so long after his two sons passed away, isn't that right?
Excuse me Louis, I... I would rather not relive any more of that, if you don't mind.
Ancient Rome?
Did you experience Ancient Rome?
Oh yes. Luxury and decadence, Louis.
My family did indeed reign supreme, but from this period I retain only the works of my friend, Marcus Vitruvius Pollio.
The death of Christ?
You seem to be fascinated by Christ. He...You weren't him, were you?
Oh, no, no. No, not at all.
He was my father, though, strange as it seems.
... I beg your pardon?
Am I dreaming? Please, tell me I'm dreaming!
We shall have a chance to talk about all that again later, but yes, yes, he was my father.
All the mythology surrounding Jesus of Nazareth really stems from my Father's prideful need to show himself among men.
The great Crusades?
I've noticed that you have a passion for the Crusades.
Among other things, yes.
Mainly the third.
It was during the siege of Saint Joan of Arc that I took possession of Lord Mortimer.
And you've never changed "skins" or "bodies" since?
I have used other envelopes but only to carry out very short tasks.
Apart from that, indeed I have been able to retain the identity of William Alexander Mortimer throughout the centuries.
I know enough
Go back
How many of you are there?
"Lucifer, the fallen archangel, left heaven accompanied by 133 306 668 angels."
Is it true that there are that many of you?
No, I assure you, Louis. Forget your Bible class, it's ridiculous.
We are not angels, we don't have wings.
There is certainly nowhere near a million of us and for that matter, no sacred human text represents us correctly.
There are several families and the family to which I belong has 8 siblings, including Gregory and myself.
Sir Gregory is your brother?
Yes... what can I say? You can't choose your family.
But it is very difficult to know exactly how many of us there are because a large number of our kind remain hidden or never reveal themselves even to us.
Do they manipulate thoughts?
And you truly have the power to manipulate the thoughts of Men?
That's right. Every Daemon has the capacity to infiltrate the minds of Men and to read and steer their thoughts.
To what end?
And what do you do with this power?
We help them, of course.
