Do you really believe you've got enough strength to resist him?
I am who I am. Only our actions truly define us!
And you can threaten me all you want, it won't make any difference!
Don't change, Louis. You are strong...
I wasn't able to make it...
Make him believe that you already knew that it won't make any difference
Jacques, I can assure you that what Lord Mortimer just told me makes no difference.
That's what you think... but you are already in his hands, and you don't even know it, Louis.
No, Jacques, it's the contrary.
Everything that's been happening here has been carefully planned by the Golden Order for months, and everything is going exactly as planned.
Lower your weapon. It's alright. It's over, you'll make it through. And you're going get your life back.
And what difference does it make to him?
And you, Jacques! How does it make you feel?
It changes everything.
Why?
How am I responsible for it?
But I never said your were.
You too are his victim, Louis, but it makes no difference to me. If I let you go, you will proliferate.
I must stop all of you, and too bad for me if I have to die for it!
You are just like him...
You are already. You can't see it, or you don't want to see it, but it's already too late.
In fact, I haven't got any choice.
You always have a choice.
You know very well what will happen to you if you shoot me.
If he shoots me, there'll be no one to stop Mortimer
Jacques, I'm the only one who can help you resolve the situation.
I'm just asking you to trust me.
I'm not against you.
Your daughter will grow up without a father
You're going to be held accountable... and you will lose everything!
Starting with your freedom, and then your head.
I told you, I don't care!
Not about yourself, maybe... But what about your daughter? It wouldn't be the same for her, would it?
Shut up... shut up!
She will be alone, in a world that you know is hostile.
What will become of her?
I... that's true, but...
Don't abandon her... Not a second time.
It's your last chance, my friend.
He doesn't know Mortimer very well, in fact
You should trust him just a little bit.
If you knew him better, you would see he has a true vision for the future of France.
Can you hear yourself speak?
I know his damn vision! Every time he violated my soul, I had lots of time to see it, his vision for the future of Men!
I would be a good Daemon
If I am indeed a Daemon now, as Lord Mortimer claims, then I have always been one, Jacques.
The fact of finding it out today makes no difference to my personality.
You can't choose your parents.
Daemons will always exist
And between you and me, I'm not as important as you think.
If you shoot me, it won't change a thing for the other Daemons, now, will it?
It'll be one less!
And he wants you! For the first time I can stop what he wants.
Good Outcome
It's over... come now, Monsieur.
You know what I told you...
Evil and Good depend on you, and not on your nature.
Yes, it's true... and the same holds true for all of us.
Monsieur Péru, I am willing to overlook this latest scene.
You can thank my son for that.
I think, however, that you ought to take your leave, for your good and ours.. as well as that of your daughter.
Bad Outcome
You should never have come here!
You are just like him and you all deserve to die!
Stop!
Louis, you ought to learn not to walk into danger.
Fear not, I've blocked him. He can't move.
One more second and he would have shot you.
You wanted to save him during the conference, so it's up to you to decide his fate.
Does he still deserve your mercy or have you had enough? I'll let you choose.
Have Mortimer get him to commit suicide
No, he's yours.
Go ahead, do it...
Don't blame yourself, Louis.
You did your best to help him but he was already lost...
Take the body away and clean the Hall.
Send him back to his room
But there's still good inside him.
Make him leave the island immediately
Make him leave.
Louis! Do you realize that will mean one less vote at the conference?
I thought you said you'd let me choose!
Very well, Louis.
He will be gone within the hour.
Make him forget everything
Free him. Let him think that he just came here for the conference and that he will serve you with devotion.
Fine. But are you acting out of compassion or vengeance?
Compassion
Compassion.
Vengeance
It's out of the question! We can't let this swine get away with it.
There, it's done.
I really thought my next breath would be my last.
Well, anything's possible...
This is no time to be joking.
Just help me climb aboard this boat and let's get off of this cursed island.
No.
I'm not going anywhere, and neither are you, until you've told me everything.
For crying out loud, what are you talking about?
MIND READER
