No... stop it, it's absurd...
Have you never found yourself suddenly inside someone else's body without knowing why?
No!
Whilst asleep, maybe?
That's how it often happens the first time. Your spirit wanders unconsciously.
My mother can't have lied to me about that!
It's true... your real mother would never have lied to you!
I... what do you mean?
Louis... I would rather you found this out from her own lips, but it's important that you know...
Sarah is not your mother.
I... What?
I'm sorry you had to find out this way, Louis, but you must know the truth before you commit an irreparable act.
No, I... No...
No, it's not possible...
You are my son...
De Richet!
Sticking your nose everywhere again!
Wow, what's the matter with him?
Excuse me, Monsieur? I don't follow you...
I haven't come all this way just to fail so close to the goal!
Why, what are you talking about?
I am talking about what you are doing!
This conference is going to boost my career!
There is no question of me letting you ruin everything!
I just surprised Piaggi and Wöllner talking. You were about to rob Mortimer!!
Give me what you took from him, immediately...
Let's keep calm, please. I... I don't know what you're talking about...
I'll have to have to cut this short, quick!
Make him see sense
Look, I don't know what you're going on about and I don't have time for this right now.
Hit him
Don't bank on getting rid of me so easily, de Richet!
Where have you been?
I'm looking for my mother
I'm still looking for my mother, if... if you can believe it!
I've been in the manor basement... to check if she might've gotten lost...
And did you find her?
No, not a trace.
I'm warning you, de Richet, I've got my eye on you.
Or else what?
How dare you speak to me in that tone!
Don't play that game with me!
If I find out you are preventing this conference from going ahead smoothly, I will do everything in my power to arrest you!
Are you threatening me?
I got lost in the basement.
I've been in the crypt of the manor.
What the hell were you doing there?
I was visiting and got lost.
I do believe that is the worst lie anyone has ever told me.
You are not even qualified to be here among us!
Trust me
Did Lord Mortimer tell you you could trust me?
Yes but...
So?
I might have disappointed you on the negotiation of your precious cannons, but Lord Mortimer believes I can still be useful.
I'm working for him right now and you're wasting my time with your questions.
I...
Look, if he hasn't taken you into his confidence, then you shouldn't know yet.
I'll soon figure out what you are up to!
And I am convinced that you have indeed robbed Mortimer.
The game is up, give me what you took from him!
You know, this is becoming an obsession with you.
Show me what you are carrying or I will call the servants!!
Give him another rare object
Lodestone
Architect's notes
Golden Elixir
Alright, you win.
Here, this is what I stole from Lord Mortimer.
Sorry if it might have...
You must really take me for a fool!
These things are everywhere in the Manor. I know perfectly well this is not what you are hiding.
I've got one cross left...
Go back
Give him a rare manuscript
Encyclopedia
Very well, fair is fair, you've exposed me!
Here, this is what I took from him!
Look, I'm sorry... I acted on a bizarre impulse.
I don't know either and frankly, you have disappointed me.
That said, it is not as bad as I thought it would be.
Thought of Mortimer
Mysterious notes
Hortus Delicarium
Go back
Get him in a muddle
Remind me, who did you hear making these alleged charges against me?
His eminence Piaggi and Mr von Wöllner were discussing them when I joined them.
And remind me, during the conference, which side were his Eminence and Mr von Wöllner on?
I... Sir Gregory, but what has that got to do with it?
And did it not occur to you for a single instant, that they might have been speaking about me in front of you, on purpose, to manipulate you?
I trust them to detect novices who are likely to be taken in, yes.
Those sons of whores!
Ah, so that's how they see me!
Be careful to make sure the conference keeps on going ahead smoothly, though, please.
It would grieve me to have to report you to Lord Mortimer.
No, no, of course...
I'll make sure those two bastards get what they've got coming!
Give nothing
I don't know what you're talking about.
