And did it not occur to you for a single instant, that they might have been speaking about me in front of you, on purpose, to manipulate you?
I trust them to detect novices who are likely to be taken in, yes.
Those sons of whores!
Ah, so that's how they see me!
Be careful to make sure the conference keeps on going ahead smoothly, though, please.
It would grieve me to have to report you to Lord Mortimer.
No, no, of course...
I'll make sure those two bastards get what they've got coming!
Give nothing
I don't know what you're talking about.
Very well!
You leave me no choice but to alert Lord Mortimer.
Blast it, I'll never manage to leave this island if he keeps this up...
Wait...
Good Outcome
Right, we'll leave it there.
I'm glad that things have been cleared up...
So, are we finished here?
Indeed we are. I shall leave you.
That's right, go play somewhere else...
See you later, Monsieur.
Come on, I have to hurry up and join my mother at the wharf, now!
Bad Outcome
You leave me no choice...
Come with me...
What is going on?
Let him take the spear
Hit him
Fail
I knew you were up to something...
You will thank me later for saving you from this serious error!
Damn it! Mother's going to be livid!
Success
Fail
Damn it! Mother's going to be livid!
I'd better get over to the wharf,
no point risking another confrontation.
I'd better get over to the wharf,
no point risking another confrontation.
Liar!
Well, well. So now you're his bastard!
You really took me for a fool!
Don't make a move, you clowns!
Everybody keep calm!
Don't say a word or I'll shoot your kid!
Ah, not so clever now, are we! At last I've found a way to put the pressure on you, Mortimer!
Look... Just calm down, Monsieur.
Looks like you've lost something, eh? I sure hope it hurt when you lost your godamned hand!
You deserve what happened to you! You're just like him!
No, wait, that's not...
You stopped me from ending it all! Because of you I've had to pay for it!
You don't know what it's like to feel him inside, deep in your soul!!
I never want to feel that again!!
Jacques, I did not betray you.
YOU ARE JUST LIKE HIM!!
I'm not like Mortimer
Jacques, I've only just found out that I'm his son.
You can't hold that against me!
You don't understand! You are already in his clutches!
Everything was set up to bring you here and reveal the secret of your birth to you!!
Open your goddamned eyes!
You've always been under his thumb!!
He has to let me help him
Monsieur, you don't know the whole story, you ought to let me help you.
One more move and I'll burn you down, you bastard!
Jacques, you'll end up hurting yourself if you continue like this...
There's no one to save here, anyway!
Mortimer is lying
Come on, don't tell me you believe all that crap, do you?
Pull yourself together man! There's nothing to prove that anything he told us is true!
You don't know him, Louis...
That's how he operates.
When you start to understand the situation, it'll be too late!! You'll already be in up to the neck!
I'd also like to know what's happening
Monsieur Péru, I don't even know what this is all about...
It's quite simple, you are like them!
If that's enough to make me unforgivably evil, then I'd prefer you shoot...
But I don't feel as if I've changed, I'm... I'm still the same man I was an hour ago!
They will corrupt you, it's inevitable!
And I won't be able to resist, like you are now?
Well...
Give me the benefit of the doubt... Think about it a moment...
How can that human dare to threaten me?
How dare you threaten me then?!
So that's it, is it? You've gone over to his side, have you?
It didn't take you too long, did it...
So?... what are you going to do now?
You've just found out your true nature!
What difference does it make?
I don't know, I haven't thought about it
What do you want me to tell you, honestly?
I've only just found out myself and here you are threatening me with a weapon.
Just give me a moment...
No! That's just the point, you are out of time!
You ought to ask yourself that question, Louis... Wake up!
Nothing, I'm still the same
Wait, Jacques!
If it weren't for me, you... you'd be dead by now! You've seen who I am and this so-called revelation makes no difference!
I'm not a slave to my birth! And I refuse to pretend to be a victim!
I AM LOUIS DE RICHET!
