There... There is one question that remains to be answered...
Why me?
Why tell me all of this?
Oh! Haven't you guessed yet?
Absolutely not.
I really have no idea.
Come on Louis, make an effort.
What do you think could be the reason?
He needs me
I mean, it's obvious you want me on your side, but...
...that doesn't explain why you're telling me all these truths.
Louis, this conference is indeed of capital importance to me.
And yes, I want you on my side.
But that's not the main reason that compels me to confide in you.
What is it then?
He needs the support of the Order
I think you sorely need the Golden Order and you want to make sure you've got it.
Really?
You really think I'm that desperate?
Well, I did think so, but now I'm not so sure...
He wants to retrieve the spear
My Lord, I don't know if I can answer in all honesty.
Please do, Louis. You can say anything to me, believe me.
You must admit, being surrounded by all these servants isn't doing much to relax me.
Forget the servants.
They're only here to ensure my safety.
Why? What are you afraid of?
Well I wouldn't want you to get the wrong idea, Louis...
But you have spent your entire life fighting the occult, you have just stolen the Holy Lance from me, and I do happen to be a Daemon.
Do you not realize the power that relic has on a Daemon?
No, I know its power
You... You mean to tell me the Lance can kill a Daemon?
The Lance is marked with my Father's blood.
It has acquired the capacity to block us inside our host.
If a Daemon got injured by the Holy Lance, they wouldn't be able to change bodies.
If the wound were mortal, the Daemon would surely die!
Wait, hang on a minute...
Did you just say that Jesus Christ was your father?
That's right.
It corresponds to one of the periods when my father had a dire need to show himself to Men.
You see what that led to...
So you're telling me that all of Christendom has been built on the myth of a Daemon?
Ironic, don't you think?
But it is essential that Men remain oblivious to that fact, Louis.
I'll let you imagine the cataclysm that would erupt and tear through all of the religions, if ever they found out the truth.
Yes, I've no idea.
Well, that's true.
Sarah must have told you, didn't she?
It surprises me that you've wasted all this time looking for the Lance, instead of fleeing.
You know I know, don't you?
Let's say I think you know enough to doubt that you could be persuaded to leave without a reason.
Am I right?
The Lance is supposed to kill Daemons, right?
And indeed it can... At least, some of them...
That's why I've chosen to protect myself. You never know.
Just imagine if Sarah wanted to get rid of me through you!
Because that's exactly what she wants to do, isn't it Louis?
Yes
Indeed it is.
Of course..
Except that, she hasn't told you everything, Louis.
That's why this discussion is so essential.
No
Not that I know of, no.
Not with me, please.
Sarah has dedicated her life to hunting us down.
We both know her greatest wish is to see me dead.
However, she hasn't told you everything, Louis.
I can see where he's going with this.
I've got an idea... but it might seem stupid.
Trust me...
Am I one?
I mean, am I a Daemon?
Would you like that?
Yes
I must admit that the idea is appealing.
No
No, I don't think so.
I'm just a Man and that's fine with me.
Look...
We are of the Gods, Louis. Always have been.
You, as much as me...
You are one of us, Louis. You too are a Daemon.
Are you serious?
You know it... Deep down inside, you know I am telling you the truth.
Where do you think that natural charismatic presence comes from?
Your talent must already have manifested itself somehow.
Have you ever had any visions?
No... stop it, it's absurd...
Have you never found yourself suddenly inside someone else's body without knowing why?
No!
Whilst asleep, maybe?
That's how it often happens the first time. Your spirit wanders unconsciously.
My mother can't have lied to me about that!
It's true... your real mother would never have lied to you!
I... what do you mean?
Louis... I would rather you found this out from her own lips, but it's important that you know...
Sarah is not your mother.
I... What?
I'm sorry you had to find out this way, Louis, but you must know the truth before you commit an irreparable act.
