You must clear the air.
We'll have all the time we need to talk afterwards.
But all in good time.
B... before you join her, I'd like to give you something.
As a Daemon, I would like to introduce you to your first talent.
What do you mean?
Open your mind, my son.
Relax. You hold immense power.
It's already there, inside you. Empty your mind of all thoughts...
Just let me show you the way.
I should relax...
Open your mind...
Hear my voice...
Feel the vibrations and listen to what has been happening to you, deep inside, but which you have been concealing...
Trust yourself... It's all already in there...
I... I can hear something...
Now breathe...
It's... a sound, ver... very faint...
That's right... Concentrate on it... my voice is growing fainter but I am here...
I... whispers... words... mixed voices...
Focus on one of them...
Don't be afraid.
I... I sense a stream... some words are clear but not all of them...
Let them enter into your mind.
I... hear them... Now... now I can hear a clear voice!
Well done, Louis.
Congratulations.
What was it?
You are now able to read people's minds.
Wha.. I... what?
You heard me.
From now on, whenever a human speaks to you, you will be able to read their current thoughts.
So, if you need to know something in particular from someone, all you have to do is make them think about it.
But I would break their spirit, wouldn't I?
But... I'd be violating their minds, wouldn't I?
No, no, nothing of the sort.
You won't really be penetrating their psyches.
Let's just say you'll be picking up residual signals emitted by their thoughts.
It isn't intrusive at all, rest assured.
But it would be a violation of their privacy, wouldn't it?
But it... it'd be a violation of their most intimate thoughts, wouldn't it?
To begin with, there's nothing obliging you to do it. You already had the ability without even knowing it.
I just gave you the option of putting it into practice, if you want.
Moreover, it would be wrong to evoke morality here...
Every species is different, Louis. And this is the way we are made, that's all there is to it.
You are free to use this talent or not, and what's more, it will be up to you to decide what to do with the thoughts you read.
That is where the values of right and wrong do come into play.
Great!
Hang on, you mean to say that if someone lies to me, that I will know?
Exactly.
But... but that's... that's just incredible!!
You still need to practice, though.
There are also a few rules you need to know that govern this talent when used between ourselves.
You can read the thoughts of Daemons as well as of humans.
But be careful!
A Daemon more experienced than yourself will know that you are spying, and will often react quite violently.
It's considered bad form to play around the psyche of another Daemon. It's a question of courtesy.
But let's be clear... what is most considered bad form is getting caught.
So I would advise against trying to read the thoughts of Gregory, for example.
Holm?
Yes, the old grump is touchy and rather a stickler about the conventions.
On that note, go and see Sarah, Louis. Otherwise she might leave without you.
We'll continue this discussion later, if you want. Just join me in my study when you're finished.
I'm off
You're right, I need to go now.
See you later, Lord Mortimer.
See you later, Lord Mortimer.
See you later, Father.
See you later, Father.
Use Mindreader on Mortimer
Let's see what Mortimer is thinking about.
He is thinking he might not have been clear enough with you.
When I told you not to try to read into Gregory or other experienced Daemons, it also applied to me, of course!
You... you can hear me think?
Of course I can.
I can sense you. For the moment your mind shines like a thousand lights because you haven't yet mastered the art of concealment from the psyches of others.
So, I give you a weapon and the first thing you do is try to shoot me with it?
If my intentions were evil, you would already be at my mercy.
So be very careful on whom you use the talent.
Apologize
Alright. Please excuse me, I...
And don't ever apologize, my son. You are far above that, from now on.
Now go...
Leave
Alright.
On that note, I'd better be going, I'm expected.
One more thing.
If you want to know the truth about your birth, ask her about Paris, 1763. At 12, rue des Martyrs.
That's where she disemboweled your mother to steal you from me.
Not too shaken up?
You've experienced many significant events since your arrival.
Yes
You can say that again.
No
No, not really.
I'm impressed by your ability to remain composed, not to let yourself become overwhelmed by your emotions.
I don't really know.
To tell you the truth, I don't get much time to ask myself those questions.
Quite right, best not react to all this too suddenly. Take some time to think about it all..
For now, I think you ought to find Sarah, my son.
