She looked for you everywhere!
You're lying! She wasted her time hovering around you!
No... You're wrong, Emma...
She was ready to kill me if it would have brought you back.
She was supposed to lay into you! She was supposed to get even for me…
Emily was right.
She wouldn't have made me pay for someone else's mistakes.
You're not getting away with it this time
Your dual identity has just been ripped to shreds! You're not going be able to hide anymore.
Hide?
You still don't get it. Don't be a fool.
I am the only Duchess Hillborrow now. I am free!
Emily loved you
Emily loved you, Emma.
You endured everything together, you were never alone!
It's... You have no idea what I had to endure...
But it must have been the same for Emily. You both went through so much.
She always saved the worst situations for me!
How many times have I had to climb into bed with some man I'd never even seen before, because Emily had seduced him during the day.
Emma, it's obvious you've suffered a great deal because of the path your lives took.
But don't try convincing yourself that your sister didn't suffer too.
Duchess, I am sorry about what happened.
You had a choice!!
You use people according to your desires, without any scruples!
Excuse me, but we are in the same line of business!
SHUT IT!
And Emily knew it very well!
No, Emma! Look at me!
She would never endanger herself for the sake of the Order!
Her sense of duty gave way to her personal interests, you crazy old hag!
In the end, Sir Gregory was the only one who was truly honest with me.
He has opened my eyes more in two days than my sister did in a whole lifetime!
Sir Gregory?
You've got to be joking, right?  You're not really gonna trust him, are you?
MIND READER
I trust Gregory. He's always honest with me...
Why follow Holm?
Emma, why do you follow Holm?
Why? Why?
Always questions!
Just shut up, for God's sake!
Holm manipulates us
Emma, you don't realize!
You're just a pawn to Sir Gregory, like the rest of us...
He has never lied to me! He took me in, took care of me!
Something that no one else has ever done for me!
But why did he do it?
You didn't have any particular item, which he desperately wanted you to give him, for example?
No... I...
Emma, you are the only one who knows where the Al Azif is hidden
He's using you...
It's... that...
It's all Mortimer's fault!
Mortimer is responsible for his share of all of this. But he's not playing alone.
Holm is serving his own interests, too.
She ought to trust Mortimer
Well, it looks like you've backed the wrong horse...
You'll lose everything if you follow Sir Gregory. Mortimer will win, Emma.
And you should be on his side.
Never! That bastard betrayed me like all the rest of them!
I will never sink so low as to serve him! Do you understand me!?
You deserve more than that
Emma, take a moment to consider this, I beg you.
I don't think you're fully aware of the situation.
With all you've suffered under Emily's thumb, you really ought to flee Sir Gregory.
Gregory has always shown me that he cares about me...
He's using you. He feeds off your hatred of Mortimer, and me, and your sister...
You mustn't let him do that.
No... I...
No one will ever use me again...
No, I refuse.. it isn't fair...
There's been enough deaths...
MIND READER
No, it isn't fair!
I haven't done all this for nothing!! Holm promised me I could be the only Duchess Hillsborrow from now on!
Lower your arm, Emma!
Lower your weapon, Emma...
No... I've gone too far to stop here!
You are trying to manipulate me again, I can tell!
No, why do you say that?
That poor Emma is stupid! She would swallow any story you wanted, wouldn't she?
No one will ever manipulate me again!
That's enough, she's finished!
It's all over for you.
You're going to have some explaining to do after all of this.
What? Are you threatening me?
Do you really think you are in a position to do so?
And what if I take your mother out first? At the stage I'm at...
Play on her fantasy of being the Duchess
Unless you decide to kill everyone on this island, you'll have to explain your actions once you get back.
All this effort to become the only Duchess Hillsborrow, ruined in an instant..
She betrayed me!!
You will be tracked down.
Hunted! Like a criminal.
...
In the end, there will have only been one Duchess Hillsborrow. Emil...
I AM Duchess Hillsborrow!
Mortimer is a Daemon!
Mortimer is a Daemon...
In the literal sense of the word.
