He and Sir Gregory have been living amongst us for several centuries now.
I know, Louis.
What?? You knew?
Of course! And they can even read our thoughts, would you believe that!
But it makes no difference!
I serve Gregory!
Mortimer can drop dead! He absolutely deserves it.
Get it off your chest, Louis
Emma...
Stop it...
Come with me.
...
She deserves to die, Louis!
Every word she utters is a lie!
I'm not joking! You should never believe what she says!
One day, she will betray you too!
She already has. I've just found out she's not my mother, Emma.
Good Outcome
You will not die by my hand today, Sarah.
She deserves to die.
In fact, I think that honor goes to you.
Bad Outcome
She should never have tried to shoot me...
Emma, no...
Don't move!
Louis, remember in Paris...
I trust you, son...
NOW, LOUIS!
No!
NO, DAMMIT!!
aaaaaahhh...
NO!! Why did you do that?
Louis...
No, no, NO!
Come on, Mother! Hang in there, you're gonna get through this!
Do not... trust him!
I am proud... of you... my son...
NO!!!
MOTHER!!!
NOOOOOOOO!!!!
Shoot Emma
It's just you and me now...
Let her go
Where is the Al Azif?
Sir Gregory planned to get it off the island by boat.
I wouldn't be surprised if he sends it with the next shipment for the continent. But I don't know when that is.
I found out some information about Al Azif
I could have obtained some information about Al Azif
I arrived at the Wharf before Sarah de Richet was wounded
I did not arrive in time to save Sarah de Richet
I stopped Napoleon Bonaparte from getting the lance
I lost the Lance of Longinus to Napoleon Bonaparte
I persuaded Jacques Péru not to shoot
I failed to persuade Péru to lower his arm
I killed Sarah de Richet
I let Sarah de Richet go
I stopped Lady Hillsborrow from shooting Sarah de Richet
I did not stop Lady Hillsborrow from shooting Sarah de Richet
I saw Sarah de Richet kill Lady Hillsborrow
I killed Lady Hillsborrow
I asked Lord Mortimer to save Jacques Péru
I let Lord Mortimer kill Jacques Péru
I found out about Sarah de Richet's lie
I did not find out about Sarah de Richet's lie
Lord Mortimer taught me to read minds
I chose to trust Sarah de Richet when she was threatened
I chose to act when Sarah de Richet was threatened
I could have had a conversation with Jacques Péru
I had a conversation with Jacques Péru
I had a discussion with Manuel Godoy
I could have had a discussion with Manuel Godoy
I floored Napolean Bonaparte 
I was floored by Napoleon Bonaparte
I found out about my Daemon nature
It's not that I regret all these discussions but I must hurry to the wharf!
It's not that I regret all these discussions but I must hurry to the wharf!
I'm already pressed for time as it is! Mother's waiting for me on the wharf.
I'm already pressed for time as it is! Mother's waiting for me on the wharf.
Ah, Louis.
Perfect timing.
As luck would have it...
Come my boy, I would like to have a word with you.
Ah, Louis.
Perfect timing.
As luck would have it...
Come my boy, I would like to have a word with you.
Not too shaken up?
You've experienced many significant events since your arrival.
Yes
You can say that again.
No
No, not really.
I'm impressed by your ability to remain composed, not to let yourself become overwhelmed by your emotions.
I don't really know.
To tell you the truth, I don't get much time to ask myself those questions.
Quite right, best not react to all this too suddenly. Take some time to think about it all..
For now, I think you ought to find Sarah, my son.
You ought to talk things over with her.
So she's been lying to me all along?
Let her justify herself. What's done is done. Sarah must explain herself.
