We are not angels, we don't have wings.
There is certainly nowhere near a million of us and for that matter, no sacred human text represents us correctly.
There are several families and the family to which I belong has 8 siblings, including Gregory and myself.
Sir Gregory is your brother?
Yes... what can I say? You can't choose your family.
But it is very difficult to know exactly how many of us there are because a large number of our kind remain hidden or never reveal themselves even to us.
Do they manipulate thoughts?
And you truly have the power to manipulate the thoughts of Men?
That's right. Every Daemon has the capacity to infiltrate the minds of Men and to read and steer their thoughts.
To what end?
And what do you do with this power?
We help them, of course.
Rubbish!
Of course you do...
And you expect me to believe that, I suppose?
Louis, "Daemon" is just a word.
It all depends on what exists beneath the surface.
I understand that this isn't easy.
The culture of Men is centered on the fact that Daemons are responsible for all the evils on earth.
But if it's the same in every single culture, then maybe there might be something to it, don't you think?
Certainly, there is something to it.
Control. Man has spent his existence wishing to believe in the supernatural, and imposing his belief on others.
What could be more convenient for manipulating the masses?
A perfect inaccessible being and a plethora of Daemons, in every one...
The perfect idea to relieve Men of all responsibility, while still finding them guilty.
What do you mean?
And how is it you help Men exactly?
Let's just say that without us, Man would probably never have left his cave.
Fire, the wheel, tools, writing...
We are the spark that inspires Man to search, to grow, to evolve...
What are these powers exactly?
Can you tell me more about your capacities, your supernatural powers?
Supernatural? From my point of view, they are perfectly natural.
Well Louis, just because the monkey does not fly doesn't mean that we should consider the bird a supernatural creature.
We are all part of a grand design.
We are simply made like this.
By developing our art, we are able to read thoughts as well as write in the minds of Men.
It is possible for us to make them bow to our desire, but it doesn't work without leaving some scars.
Go back
Other questions
How can I believe him?
Why should I trust you?
I'm not asking you to, Louis.
If you are still in doubt about the Daemons, I can assure you that won't last long.
Why tell me all this?
But why me?
Why do I tell you about the greatest secret ever revealed to Man?
It's..
That's right...
I'm coming to that.
Don't worry...
What's happening with my mother?
What has my mother got to do with all this?
She embarked on a crusade, many years ago.
To kill all the Daemons.
How did he react to that?
That must have upset you.
I imagine you retaliated...
No...
I`m afraid she never forgave me.
Forgave what?
We met when she was still just a young woman.
I appeared to her in a different form because I didn't want to reveal the identity of Lord Mortimer at that time.
She was looking for someone interested in the occult to decipher an ancient book.
We spent many years together, until I revealed my true nature to her.
Was it Al Azif?
The old book was Al Azif, wasn't it?
Did she speak about it?
Not so long ago, yes.
Indeed, it was already Al Azif. She wanted to unlock the secrets.
And then?
What happened next?
She felt betrayed, manipulated, tricked.
We had an argument, she rejected me and then she simply disappeared.
Just after that she joined the Order and began to relentlesly hunt us down.
Go back
What are their intentions regarding men?
What are the Daemons` projects for humanity?
Our aim has long since been to protect humanity from itself.
On the other hand, although we give them the impulse to succeed,
we don't all agree as to the path they take to achieve it...
What exactly is a Daemon?
How would you qualify your species, scientifically?
Good question. What is you area of expertise?
Physics
I'd say Physics.
So consider us like the mechanical vibration of fluids.
You mean sound?
That's right. The physical properties of acoustics are very similar to those of our abilities.
Imagine us as something like waves.
Biology
I would say Biology.
So I would class Daemons along with parasites.
The comparison's not very flattering...
You live inside a host and you feed on that host, do you not?
A large number of parasites are essential to the survival of their bearer, you know.
We do indeed choose a host, we enter inside them and we evolve with them.
But if you prefer a more philosophical approach, or a more poetical one, consider us as an idea.
We are an idea that penetrates the human spirit.
But in fact, in no way are we a danger for our hosts. Quite the contrary, we strengthen them.
