Philosophy
Given the choice, I'd choose philosophy.
So consider us as an idea, Louis.
We are but a word in the minds of Men. But this word is capable of anything.
Empires have been built on words.
I am not a scientist...
My Lord, to tell you the truth I don't see myself as a scientist.
Well, consider us as a simple species still unknown to most of Men.
Thus we are born. We have the capacity to change bodies, that is all.
Previous questions
Pass...
Continue...
Louis... It's time you opened your eyes.
Come, you'll soon see.
After you.
Why a conference instead of imposing your will upon us?
If you could manipulate us mentally, what's the point of all the theatrics of the conference?
You must suspect that we asked ourselves that very same question.
For many centuries we didn't organize any conferences.
And most of the time it ended in civil war between Daemons. Many of us were killed during this period.
The idea of organizing conferences was the answer to everything.
The interest being to erect some rules among ourselves.
Our family first divided up all the principal countries of the world.
Now whenever one of us wants to propose a major change between these countries, they summon the Daemon in question and initiate a conference.
The Daemon that initiates the proposition doesn't have to give notification of the subject of the conference beforehand, consequently we participate along with our best assets.
Once the humans are brought together, the conference begins but we are forbidden to use our talents to influence the participants.
The first meeting is held in order to expose the subject to all the participants, followed by several days of reflection during which we are allowed to be persuasive but not to impose our will.
A second meeting closes the conference with a final vote.
So... for you it's a game, isn't it?
I understand your remark but after living several centuries, you stand back and enjoy what reflection and pleasure you can...
How do they decide on global policy?
But how do you agree on global policy?
Locally we often have competing interests and sometimes we start wars between Men, which are linked to our disagreements.
Most of the time our Father steps in and gives directives, which my family follow to the letter.
Indeed, in my opinion it is high time we moved on.
What do you mean?
I mean that a new era must begin.
The old monarchic regimes are outdated and it's time to evolve.
Go back
Was von Borchert working for you?
So, von Borchert... He was looking for the Al Azif for you?
Exactly.
Al Azif has always belonged to my family, Louis.
And with good reason, my father wrote much of it.
Can you tell me what you've done with...?
What? You mean, the Al Azif?
No, I already know that: Sarah came here with it and got rid of it...
I was thinking of von Borchert.
He isn't essential but he is a trusted person.
Uh, about him...Uh... How can I put this...?
Ah, I see.
Well, he jumped me, it was him or me...
You don't need to justify yourself, Louis. Don't worry.
He is a prisoner at our headquarters, in Paris.
Alright.
Is there a connection with Elizabeth?
Did what happened to Elizabeth Adams have anything to do with you?
Unfortunately, the poor girl became an issue between us, in spite of herself...
A family of Daemons is still a family, and as in all families, there are disputes.
Elizabeth's family, the Adams, has always been under the patriarchal control of my Father.
As he and myself are not really on very good terms, sending poor Elizabeth here was terribly rude of him, really.
You did accept, though...
No... I would say rather I was presented with the fait accompli by Gregory, and went along with the intention of helping her.
But this is my castle and everyone is the master of their own home.
You controlled her so she would commit suicide!
I knew it!
I know you did. Moreover, you impressed me.
You really did sense what had happened, but you couldn't quite explain how.
A good job too, because for a moment I was afraid you would prove the theory right in front of Gregory.
But why?
Well, she was my Father's eyes and ears and Gregory took a malicious delight in walking her all over the manor to spy on me.
He would be furious if he knew I had prevented Father from being able to check up on what was happening here.
And so...
It was you who killed her!
The child was already condemned, Louis. My Father would never have let her be.
I had to pass inside her mind and, yes, make her take her own life.
Trapped between the unyielding control of my Father and your mother's terrible treatments? I wouldn't wish a life like that on anyone. Would you?
So neither my mother nor Péru were ever guilty?
You just gave me the runaround with that whole investigation.
Now, don't take it the wrong way. I was obliged to keep up appearances so that Gregory wouldn't suspect me.
And it enabled me to size you up, Louis.
So...
The voice in Elizabeth's head, it was you!
It was my Father, to be precise.
So then...
You're the one who killed her!
Yet president Washington told me that Péru was guilty.
George only gave you the official version.
Don't hold it against him. He doesn't know the truth.
The poor girl was condemned, Louis.
Don't you think it better that she stop living like a slave, being mentally raped by my father since the day she was born?
You're not wrong
Maybe you're right.
Certainly not
You're joking!
You don't know everything, she might have recovered from everything she had suffered.
Between the unyielding control of my Father and your mother's terrible treatments, I wouldn't wish a life like that on anyone.
But it is also true, I felt obliged to get rid of her.
You'll understand one day, you'll see.
Go back
