Very well!
You leave me no choice but to alert Lord Mortimer.
Blast it, I'll never manage to leave this island if he keeps this up...
Wait...
Good Outcome
Right, we'll leave it there.
I'm glad that things have been cleared up...
So, are we finished here?
Indeed we are. I shall leave you.
That's right, go play somewhere else...
See you later, Monsieur.
Come on, I have to hurry up and join my mother at the wharf, now!
Bad Outcome
You leave me no choice...
Come with me...
Mais qu'est-ce... What is this?
Let him take the spear
Hit him
Fail
I knew you were up to something...
You will thank me later for saving you from this serious error!
Damn it! Mother's going to be livid!
Success
Fail
Damn it! Mother's going to be livid!
De Richet!
Sticking your nose everywhere again!
Wow, what's the matter with him?
Excuse me, Monsieur? I don't follow you...
I haven't come all this way just to fail so close to the goal!
Why, what are you talking about?
I am talking about what you are doing!
This conference is going to boost my career!
There is no question of me letting you ruin everything!
I just surprised Piaggi and Wöllner talking. You were about to rob Mortimer!!
Give me what you took from him, immediately...
Let's keep calm, please. I... I don't know what you're talking about...
I'll have to have to cut this short, quick!
Make him see sense
Look, I don't know what you're going on about and I don't have time for this right now.
Knock him out
Don't bank on getting rid of me so easily, de Richet!
Where have you been?
I'm looking for my mother
I'm still looking for my mother, if... if you can believe it!
I've been in the manor basement... to check if she might've gotten lost...
And did you find her?
No, not a trace.
I'm warning you, de Richet, I've got my eye on you.
Or else what?
How dare you speak to me in that tone!
Don't play that game with me!
If I find out you are preventing this conference from going ahead smoothly, I will do everything in my power to arrest you!
Are you threatening me?
I got lost in the basement.
I've been in the crypt of the manor.
What the hell were you doing there?
I was visiting and got lost.
I do believe that is the worst lie anyone has ever told me.
You are not even qualified to be here among us!
MANIPULATION
Did Lord Mortimer tell you you could trust me?
Yes but...
So?
I might have disappointed you on the negotiation of your precious cannons, but Lord Mortimer believes I can still be useful.
I'm working for him right now and you're wasting my time with your questions.
I...
Look, if he hasn't taken you into his confidence, then you shouldn't know yet.
I'll soon figure out what you are up to!
And I am convinced that you have indeed robbed Mortimer.
The game is up, give me what you took from him!
You know, this is becoming an obsession with you.
Show me what you are carrying or I will call the servants!!
Give him another rare object
Lodestone
Architect's notes
Golden Elixir
Alright, you win.
Here, this is what I stole from Lord Mortimer.
Sorry if it might have...
You must really take me for a fool!
These things are everywhere in the Manor. I know perfectly well this is not what you are hiding.
I've got one cross left...
Go back
Give him a rare manuscript
Encyclopedia
Very well, fair is fair, you've exposed me!
Here, this is what I took from him!
Look, I'm sorry... I acted on a bizarre impulse.
I don't know either and frankly, you have disappointed me.
That said, it is not as bad as I thought it would be.
Thought of Mortimer
Mysterious notes
Hortus Delicarium
Go back
Get him in a muddle
Remind me, who did you hear making these alleged charges against me?
His eminence Piaggi and Mr von Wöllner were discussing them when I joined them.
And remind me, during the conference, which side were his Eminence and Mr von Wöllner on?
I... Sir Gregory, but what has that got to do with it?
