Why?!
I... Your sister was supposed to hide something!
And no one was supposed to have been able to find it.
And? She would never have talked!
Even under torture! So why get rid of her?
Unfortunately Emily, the creatures who live here employ methods that no one can resist.
I was going to get her out of there, for God's sake!
So what are you talking about?
MIND READER
Don't tell me Emma died because of that book...
I HAVE TO KNOW!! ANYTHING BUT THAT DAMNED BOOK!!
Al Azif had to disappear!
Emily, Emma had in her possession an ancient book of the occult that couldn't fall into the wrong hands!
What?
You're telling me that Emma died because of an old book?
That's why my sister died!
No, you don't understand!
So you won't be shocked if I return the favor in that case, will you?
Emma would have cracked
Emily, Emma would have never been able to resist Holm or Mortimer.
Emma was working for Holm! She had nothing to fear from him!
Indeed, it was he who treated her after your mother left her for dead!
And Mortimer would never have gotten the better of her, especially not with Holm's protection!
I've had enough! I'm going to shoot your mother!
She won't believe me if I tell her
Emily, all I ask is that you let me tell the truth!
But you'll never believe me....
You leave me no choice... I'm going to kill her, Louis!
Mortimer is a Daemon.
Emily, Mortimer is a Daemon... in the literal sense of the word.
What are you...
Lord Mortimer has been around since the third crusade.
He fiddles with his family records so he can keep maintaining his identity.
I know it sounds crazy, but I swear on everything I hold dear, that's the truth!
What? But when did...
We've all fallen into a trap by coming here!
You, Emma, me, Sarah, and all the guests.
We're serving beings that are infinitely more powerful than we are. Look at them, they're governing the world by manipulating us!
I'm sure that Sir Gregory has regularly asked you for information about the Queen or the King. Isn't that right?
I... Yes... But that doesn't...
Mortimer and Holm were looking to recover an ancient grimoire that contains, I don't even know what dark secret powers.
Sarah did everything she could to stop them from getting their hands on it.
Emma is another victim, just like every one of us here.
They are the real culprits!
Mortimer can read peoples' minds
Mortimer and Holm can read our very thoughts...
Wh...what?
Emma would have never been able to resist them.
What are you talking about?
Mortimer has the power to read thoughts.
That's impossible...
And yet, he has found a way.
It wouldn't even have been difficult for him to get into her mind.
Look what they did to that poor girl, Elizabeth.
Look at Péru! He was pushed right to the edge, year after year.
I can't believe it.
I promise you, it's the truth.
Good Outcome
Louis... I...
Do you realize what you are asking me to believe?
I know. But it's the truth, Emily.
How do you expect me to accept this? We are in the Golden Order precisely to fight against such beliefs!
Do you remember those deeds we found behind the chimney. They weren't fake.
There's a reason why they're all signed by his same hand.
Daemons?...
In his study, he keeps the Mortimer family tree.
They produced only boys, just one per generation, since the third crusade. And they are all called William.
He justifies his own existence, Emily.
Look, I'm going to believe you.
But if you're taking me for a ride...
Unfortunately for us, it'd be impossible to even make up a story like that.
Alright, I believe you...
Thank him, you owe him your life.
I have always been very lucky to...
...have him as my son.
Bad Outcome
I understand you were trying to protect her, Louis, but it's a lost cause!
Don't move!
Louis, remember in Paris...
Oh no! Not again!
No, Mother, wait!
ACT
No!
NO, FOR GOD'S SAKE!!
Did she hit you?
NO!! Why did you do that? I could have calmed her down!!
That's enough!
I've had enough...
What do you mean?
TRUST
No, no, NO!
Come on Mother, hang in there, you're gonna pull through!
Save your strength, I'm getting you out of here!
It's... It's too late.
Don't trust him!
I'm proud of you, my son...
NO!!!
MOTHER!!!
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
FINISH OFF EMILY
