Could you spare a moment, please, sir?
I'm glad you ask, I want to talk to you too.
Of course.
I heard about your mother's disappearance.
He looks concerned...  I don't know why but I doubt it's from sympathy alone.
Let's see what he wants from me.
Any news of her? Have you found her maybe?
What is he waiting for?
Why? Is...  is there something you particularly wanted from her?
I...  no, not specially.
My question's made him feel uneasy but he's keeping his emotions under control.
Your mother and I used to often speak together; I have rarely met someone so learned.
To tell you the truth, I was about to make a deal with her.
Does he have feelings for her?
To hear you speak, it sounds like you and my mother were close.
Let's say I hold your mother in high esteem, yes.
We were even planning to work together.
That's what he was getting at.
I have no time for that.
Well, sir, I must admit I'm a little pushed for time here, so...
Very well.
Tell him what you've found out.
We found traces of her that would indicate she's still on the island.
Her personal belongings?
Yes, but nothing of great interest. Scraps of food, some clothes...
Ah, I see.
Well, too bad.
Does he know her?
To hear you speak, you seem to know my mother well.
Not really.
We met for the first time on this very spot, some weeks back. We had a very pleasant discussion.
She's an exceptionally learned lady with a good head for business, no need for me to tell you that.
I agree...
Did she tell you about our arrangement?
No
No, not at all.
Ah...  I thought she might have spoken to you about it.
Well, too bad.
Pretend to know.
Of course she did.
Perfect, I'm glad to know it.
So, how should we proceed, then?
I...  what do you mean?
Oh come, sir, no point pretending, you know.
You obviously have no idea of what I'm talking about, do you?
So this is why he's so interested.
The cat's out of the bag, now!
More or less but please do...  do refresh my memory.
Yes, of course...  Nothing of great importance in itself...
During one of our discussions, she spoke of an old book which might have been of interest to me and she had agreed to let me have it.
A book about what?
Ancient occultism...  As you are aware, I am a Doctor of Theology.
Prompt him to talk about it
Absolutely, but I was hoping that you could tell me more about it.
Well, she was planning to sell me a very old book.
I will make no secret of the fact that I am passionate about the subject and when Sarah spoke to me about it, her account literally had me enthralled.
Hahahaha, I can think of nothing else since.
How could I know?
How could I know about that, we haven't seen each other for several weeks.
Indeed...  I was simply hoping to pursue the transaction that we had agreed on with you.
Too bad.
You might have come across some old books in her belongings perhaps?
No
No, I don't think so...
Ah, right, I thought she had it with her.
I haven't found anything yet, no.
Too bad.
String him along
Indeed, my mother is never without her favorite book.
Oh! A stroke of luck!
I...  I didn't think her original edition of Bougainville would be...  so captivating to you.
I...  No, indeed...  The one I'm interested in is a very old book, with each chapter under lock and key.
It has nothing to do with de Bougainville's book.
Oh, right. I'm sorry, I don't know anything about that.
Ah! Well, too bad.
He looks obsessed.
The least one can say is that he doesn't beat around the bush...
Sarah never travels without a few books...  What does the one you're looking for look like exactly?
It resembles a grimoire.
It's divided into seven parts, each one individually locked.
It was made in such a way that if someone tried to tamper with it, the sheets would be permanently tarnished. It's a unique copy. There's only one.
The mere mention of it makes his face light up.
I'll take a closer look but I can't promise you anything...
Speak to him about the Mysterium Cosmographicum.
I've found one...
Quite old? With locks on every chapter?
Oh, no...  I'm sorry, sir...  This one is the Mysterium Cosmographicum, a book she is particularly fond of.
Ah...  no, that's not the one...
Poor man's disgusted...  I shouldn't play with his nerves...
I'll look again.
Make him talk about what he's looking for.
As my mother's got so many old books, I'm afraid I won't be able to...
Oh, it's easy, you...  you can't mistake this one.
It's an ancient grimoire, composed of seven parts, each one is closed under lock and key.
It was made in such a way that if someone tried to tamper with it, the sheets would be permanently tarnished. If you find it, you mustn't tamper with it, you see?
That's...  that's unusual...
Unfortunately, that doesn't ring a bell.
I'll look again but I wouldn't get my hopes up.
You seem very upset...
Is it so important to you, this... book?
