Well, it's...  It's the search of a lifetime, what can I say?
Every time I move closer to it, it seems to slip away at the last minute.
I was very surprised to learn that your mother had it in her possession.
I thought it was with a certain Von Borchert, in Paris.
Do you know him?
Lie to him
The name doesn't mean anything to me, I'm...  I'm sorry to say.
He's an expert in occult objects and books and your mother said she knew him.
Are you sure his name doesn't ring a bell?
Let me think...
Yes.
Indeed, my mother and I had a brush with this individual just a few months ago.
What about?
About an object stolen from the Order a few years ago which my mother wanted to recover.
Ah...  ah! This situation comes as a great surprise to me...
Huh, I got him now!
Of course, why?
Indeed...  one of your close friends?
No, not really but we were close once, precisely over the case that concerns us now, because he claimed to have the book I'm looking for.
Another dishonest person, what can you say?
Can't trust anyone these days, huh.
No, no, you can't.
Absolutely not.
I've never heard of him.
I'm sorry, I haven't been much help to you.
Well, too bad.
Good Outcome
I hope I've been able to satisfy your curiosity, Mr Von Wöllner, and that you succeed in finding what you're looking for.
Oh! And so do I.
And now, what if you told me who you really are working for, instead of keeping up this pretense?
I beg your pardon?
We both know what you're looking for, Von Wöllner.
You're the one who Von Borchert was planning to sell it to.
For centuries, all those who have come into contact with the Al Azif have bitterly regretted it, Monsieur de Richet!
You are playing a dangerous game!
Please know that I am working for someone who does not appreciate anyone poking around in his business.
Let me guess?
Mortimer
Lord Mortimer.
Oh! You are way off the mark.
There's nothing more for us to say.
Goodbye.
Holm
It's sir Gregory!
Correct. You ought to know then he is not a man who likes to be duped.
You are walking on thin ice, sir.
The King of Prussia.
Your dear king, I should think.
What? You mean Frederic William?
Haha, my poor fellow, you are miles away. That stupid, pretentious puppet wields no real power.
But seeing as you do not wish to be serious, so be it. Good luck to you.
Bad Outcome
I shan't keep you, Monsieur de Richet.
Alright then, thank you.
I hope that your search will prove successful and bring Sarah back to us soon.
I must go now, I'll see you later.
Could you spare a moment, please, sir?
I'm glad you ask, I want to talk to you too.
Of course.
I heard about your mother's disappearance.
He looks concerned...  I don't know why but I doubt it's from sympathy alone.
Let's see what he wants from me.
Any news of her? Have you found her maybe?
What is he waiting for?
Why? Is...  is there something you particularly wanted from her?
I...  no, not specially.
My question's made him feel uneasy but he's keeping his emotions under control.
Your mother and I used to often speak together; I have rarely met someone so learned.
To tell you the truth, I was about to make a deal with her.
Does he have feelings for her?
To hear you speak, it sounds like you and my mother were close.
Let's say I hold your mother in high esteem, yes.
We were even planning to work together.
That's what he was getting at.
I have no time for that.
Well, sir, I must admit I'm a little pushed for time here, so...
Very well.
Tell him what you've found out.
We found traces of her that would indicate she's still on the island.
Her personal belongings?
Yes, but nothing of great interest. Scraps of food, some clothes...
Ah, I see.
Well, too bad.
Does he know her?
To hear you speak, you seem to know my mother well.
Not really.
We met for the first time on this very spot, some weeks back. We had a very pleasant discussion.
She's an exceptionally learned lady with a good head for business, no need for me to tell you that.
I agree...
Did she tell you about our arrangement?
No
No, not at all.
Ah...  I thought she might have spoken to you about it.
Well, too bad.
Pretend to know.
Of course she did.
Perfect, I'm glad to know it.
So, how should we proceed, then?
I...  what do you mean?
Oh come, sir, no point pretending, you know.
