But that is not the case.
The Queen would rather not risk losing him, so she consoles him with awards and titles!
So you don't have a very positive opinion... 
His coveting French Catalonia does not encourage me to have one... 
He doesn't give a damn about his reputation.
I'm sure that a soldier such as yourself is not interested in vulgar rumors.
Quite right.
If only this cursed gossip didn't come to stain the uniform he has the audacity to wear.
Don't you find him worthy?
But how could he be, monsieur? He never sets foot on the battlefield, too occupied with charming the Queen!
Have you any idea of the number of titles that coward has won in just a few years?
No, not really.
Ten! And that Don Juan spends the best part of his time under the Queen's skirts.
The bugger must have some hidden talent given all of the gifts she gives him!
Will this not be an opportunity to get to know him better?
You'll be able to check if the hearsay is true over these next few days... 
I sincerely doubt that... 
The context does not allow me to give him my trust!
I understand your point of view.
Leave Napoleon
Well, I'll be leaving you now.
Shall we meet up again later?
Wait, monsieur.
Any news of your mother?
Unfortunately not, no.
I hope to speak with her about my deal before I leave.
Let me know if you find her.
A plus tard, monsieur.
Ah, Louis, just the man.
Good Lord, how did the King come to be executed?
I would think that the Order would have intervened!
The King was playing with fire.
Your Eminence, I haven't been following the case. I'm sure that the Order did everything in its power.
Unfortunately, you know the situation in Paris and...
Well, it's chaotic at best. Anything can happen in those revolutionary tribunals.
The king is the official representative of God on earth, my son!
Your Eminence, France has become a secular state.
The King was just another citizen to them. He refused to admit his errors, looked down upon them and attempted to escape.
What did he expect?
France has lost all reason, Louis...
The King made things worse all by himself.
Your Eminence, I'm sorry for King Louis but he did everything to put himself there.
Louis! How can you say such a thing?
Even if France rejects the Church, you don't go and behead a person of high status! They always serve our cause better alive than dead.
Politically, it's absurd!
Don't insist
I invite you to speak about it with my mother as soon as she reappears.
Is there Any news of her?
I...  Well, I hope it won't be long before I find her, your Eminence.
Louis, I'm counting on you!
If you don't find Sarah before my departure, I must ask you to give me back the letter I gave you.
Well, don't worry about that, your Eminence.
Now, you wanted to speak to me?
Do you know the theme of the conference?
I'm sure a man like you is in the circle of trust. Would you know what the conference that Lord Mortimer mentioned is going to be about?
Not really, my son.
Well, be it Lord Mortimer or Sir Gregory, we are never informed about the theme of the conference before it begins.
Ask him about “the nightmare”.
If I say "the nightmare" to you, does it make you think of anything?
Your question is strange, my son...
Difficult to say. Could you at least tell me a little more about the context?
A place or an object?
Well, I mean, if it were a place or an object found on this island, what would you think of first?
Mmm, the nightmare...  Mmmmm...
No, I don't see anything...  I'm sorry.
Well, that's too bad.
Ah...  wait...  I suppose it might be that horrible painting hanging in Lord Mortimer's study.
Make him believe you're not that interested.
Right...  Well, don't worry about it, I was...  I was just curious.
A connection with anything here
Think of a place and tell me the first thing that comes into your mind when I say "the nightmare".
Mmm, let me think.
I'd say...
Lord Mortimer's favorite painting, on the wall behind his desk.
You know, that painting caused quite a stir when it was exhibited.
It is titled the nightmare and it shows a woman lying down with a creature sitting on her, and in the background, a horse.
I don't know if it will be of any help, but I can't think of anything else.
You never know...  Thank you for that though, your Eminence.
I ought to go and see it, just in case, though.
Ask him his opinion of Godoy.
I was wondering what to think of that Manuel Godoy.
He is reputed to be a very ambitious character...  at every level.
But his faith is unwavering. He is a staunch defender of the Church. You can believe me.
I know of his reputation.
It's true there's much said about him...
For better and for worse but that is a prerogative of power, it would seem.
His close ties with the Queen unfortunately sully her government.
Fortunately, we are not men to take heed of such gossip.
Are we?
Of course not, your Eminence.
What a disgrace nonetheless for the King.
I can only imagine...
If I were to officiate at the Court of Spain, believe me, I would speak out!
She is of Bourbon lineage, by God's grace, she has a duty toward her blood!
What can we expect, your Eminence, everything gets lost over the years.
Tell me about these rumors?
As to his faith, I have no doubt.
However, his ambition seems to surpass his morality.
And I hope that it will not sully the crown.
You can say that again...
