You obviously have no idea of what I'm talking about, do you?
So this is why he's so interested.
The cat's out of the bag, now!
More or less but please do...  do refresh my memory.
Yes, of course...  Nothing of great importance in itself...
During one of our discussions, she spoke of an old book which might have been of interest to me and she had agreed to let me have it.
A book about what?
Ancient occultism...  As you are aware, I am a Doctor of Theology.
Prompt him to talk about it
Absolutely, but I was hoping that you could tell me more about it.
Well, she was planning to sell me a very old book.
I will make no secret of the fact that I am passionate about the subject and when Sarah spoke to me about it, her account literally had me enthralled.
Hahahaha, I can think of nothing else since.
How could I know?
How could I know about that, we haven't seen each other for several weeks.
Indeed...  I was simply hoping to pursue the transaction that we had agreed on with you.
Too bad.
You might have come across some old books in her belongings perhaps?
No
No, I don't think so...
Ah, right, I thought she had it with her.
I haven't found anything yet, no.
Too bad.
String him along
Indeed, my mother is never without her favorite book.
Oh! A stroke of luck!
I...  I didn't think her original edition of Bougainville would be...  so captivating to you.
I...  No, indeed...  The one I'm interested in is a very old book, with each chapter under lock and key.
It has nothing to do with de Bougainville's book.
Oh, right. I'm sorry, I don't know anything about that.
Ah! Well, too bad.
He looks obsessed.
The least one can say is that he doesn't beat around the bush...
Sarah never travels without a few books...  What does the one you're looking for look like exactly?
It resembles a grimoire.
It's divided into seven parts, each one individually locked.
It was made in such a way that if someone tried to tamper with it, the sheets would be permanently tarnished. It's a unique copy. There's only one.
The mere mention of it makes his face light up.
I'll take a closer look but I can't promise you anything...
Speak to him about the Mysterium Cosmographicum.
I've found one...
Quite old? With locks on every chapter?
Oh, no...  I'm sorry, sir...  This one is the Mysterium Cosmographicum, a book she is particularly fond of.
Ah...  no, that's not the one...
Poor man's disgusted...  I shouldn't play with his nerves...
I'll look again.
Make him talk about what he's looking for.
As my mother's got so many old books, I'm afraid I won't be able to...
Oh, it's easy, you...  you can't mistake this one.
It's an ancient grimoire, composed of seven parts, each one is closed under lock and key.
It was made in such a way that if someone tried to tamper with it, the sheets would be permanently tarnished. If you find it, you mustn't tamper with it, you see?
That's...  that's unusual...
Unfortunately, that doesn't ring a bell.
I'll look again but I wouldn't get my hopes up.
You seem very upset...
Is it so important to you, this... book?
Well, it's...  It's the search of a lifetime, what can I say?
Every time I move closer to it, it seems to slip away at the last minute.
I was very surprised to learn that your mother had it in her possession.
I thought it was with a certain Von Borchert, in Paris.
Do you know him?
Lie to him
The name doesn't mean anything to me, I'm...  I'm sorry to say.
He's an expert in occult objects and books and your mother said she knew him.
Are you sure his name doesn't ring a bell?
Let me think...
Yes.
Indeed, my mother and I had a brush with this individual just a few months ago.
What about?
About an object stolen from the Order a few years ago which my mother wanted to recover.
Ah...  ah! This situation comes as a great surprise to me...
Huh, I got him now!
Of course, why?
Indeed...  one of your close friends?
No, not really but we were close once, precisely over the case that concerns us now, because he claimed to have the book I'm looking for.
Another dishonest person, what can you say?
Can't trust anyone these days, huh.
No, no, you can't.
Absolutely not.
I've never heard of him.
I'm sorry, I haven't been much help to you.
Well, too bad.
Good Outcome
I hope I've been able to satisfy your curiosity, Mr Von Wöllner, and that you succeed in finding what you're looking for.
Oh! And so do I.
And now, what if you told me who you really are working for, instead of keeping up this pretense?
I beg your pardon?
We both know what you're looking for, Von Wöllner.
You're the one who Von Borchert was planning to sell it to.
For centuries, all those who have come into contact with the Al Azif have bitterly regretted it, Monsieur de Richet!
You are playing a dangerous game!
Please know that I am working for someone who does not appreciate anyone poking around in his business.
Let me guess?
Mortimer
Lord Mortimer.
Oh! You are way off the mark.
There's nothing more for us to say.
Goodbye.
Holm
It's sir Gregory!
