Discreet, again. The summary states that he was an excellent merchant...  and that, towards the end of his life, he entered politics.
Analyze the familial organization
All the descendants are called William (... ) Mortimer. There have been only male descendants. All of them only sons.
Strange...  it was uncommon to have only one child in those days, let alone all only sons!
How is that possible? It really makes you wonder if all those sons really are official descendants...
I'm smelling something shady here...
Return to ancestors
Return to table of contents
Analyze the names
Let's see. All Mortimer's ancestors are called “William (something) Mortimer”.
That happens a lot in noble families, but here it's systematic. Not a SINGLE generation ever breaks the custom.
Looks like this family is very attached to their principles.
Return to the table of contents
Patronage of the Mortimer family.
This seems to be the list of grants and sponsorships given by the Mortimer family.
Don Luis de la Cerda
“In 1489, the Mortimer family participates in the purchase of the caravel Santa Clara from Juan Niño, shipowner from Moguer...
“... on behalf of Don Luis de la Cerda. The vessel will be renamed La Niña... ”
La Nina?
La Niña, yes! That's one of the three caravels of the expedition of Christopher Columbus! They enabled him to discover the Americas.
Well, you can certainly say the grandfather had a flair for business...
Don't take note.
Longqing
“In 1567, the Mortimer family financed a brickworks in Qin-huang-dao, in China, fitted out with 51 furnaces 3.5 meters high...
... in guise of a protocol gift for Long-qing, the emperor of the Ming dynasty.”
Longqing, in 1567?
I'll bet that brickworks helped maintain the Great Wall.
Continue...
Nairac family
“In 1645, the Mortimer family allocated a pension, to be passed down the generations, to the Nairac family from Bordeaux, shipowners and refiners from father to son.”
A family known for their expeditions to Africa and America...
France, Africa, the Americas...
The Golden Triangle. That means they got rich on the backs of African slaves...
Continue...
Albert the Great
“From 1235 to 1280, the Mortimer family granted an annual pension to Albert the Great, archbishop of Regensburg...
... in order to fund his research and the writing of De Mirabilibus Mundi, books about the wonders of the world.”
De Mirabilibus Mundi...
Let's not forget it recorded the recipe for gunpowder in the form of an anagram...
They democratized firearms in Europe, no less...
Continue...
Others
Ponce de León
“In 1513, the Mortimers finance the expedition of Ponce de Leon to the New World.”
That was the expedition that resulted in the discovery of Florida, in fact!
Achille Basmarein
“In 1772, Lord Mortimer made a donation of 112 000 pounds to the attention of Achille Basmarein...
... major shipowner of Bordeaux, for the construction of a ship, the Clary.”
The Clary?
But...  that's Lafayette's ship!!! I thought he paid with his own coin!
It's even been suggested that grants were given by the Order... but in fact, that wasn't true at all!
Continue..
Academy Mersenne
“In 1635, the Mortimer family sponsored the Academy Mersenne for 30 years in Paris for works in the sciences and in philosophy”
That was generous...
But not entirely selfless when you think about Blaise Pascal who developed the first calculating machine at the same time!
Denis Papin
“From 1685 to 1720, the Mortimer family allocated an annual pension to Denis Papin for his brilliant works in pneumatics and hydraulics.”
That reminds me of spectacular experiments such as his first submarine, which didn't end all that well, if I remember correctly.
Denis Papin?...
In my opinion, his lesser known invention of the steam piston ought to be more important in the future...
That's strange, I thought he died in 1712...
Continue..
Ivan IV Vassiliévitch
“In 1550, the Mortimer family financed half of the construction of Saint Basil's Cathedral in Moscow...
... by way of a protocol gift for Ivan IV Vassiliévitch”.
One of the most beautiful religious buildings ever built...
Ivan IV?...
Ivan Vassiliévitch, the sadly named Ivan the Terrible...
Who owes his nickname to the terror he imposed on his empire...
Continue..
Return to the menu
Back
Analyze the document
Many families keep documents of their history, but I've never seen anything like this before!
Such regularity in writing them up through the generations, for such a long time...  First time I've ever seen that.
Mortimer gives considerable importance to his origins; that's undeniable.
Move away.
I met Manuel Godoy
I got to know Waldo
I could have shown interest in Mortimer's bird
I got locked inside Mortimer's secret study
I got out of Mortimer's secret study without any trouble
I found a way of getting into the secret study
I searched Mortimer's secret study thoroughly
I found "The Nightmare" that my mother mentioned
I got some information out of von Wollner
I did not get any information out of Von Wollner
I had a strange conversation with Jacques Péru
I could have met Péru under strange circumstances
I poisoned Waldo, the bird in Mortimer's office
Well, better not dwell on it then.
Well, better not dwell on it then.
Dear Lord Mortimer,
As agreed, I have changed your old lock for one of my invention.
Drawing inspiration from your doctor friend, Mister Guillotin, here is the model of your new lock, if you appreciate my prototype.
It is difficult to imagine how it all fits together, but it will be located in the middle of the present door.
The aim being to alter nothing of the door's functionality, but to add a bit of spice.
Depending on the line-up of the wheels, the aforementioned lock will open, or will punish the snooper whose faith is not strong enough.
I called my invention: The Judgment of faith, because if a snooper is unable to resist opening it, they will be punished...
