That happens a lot in noble families, but here it's systematic. Not a SINGLE generation ever breaks the custom.
Looks like this family is very attached to their principles.
Return to the table of contents
Patronage of the Mortimer family.
This seems to be the list of grants and sponsorships given by the Mortimer family.
Don Luis de la Cerda
“In 1489, the Mortimer family participates in the purchase of the caravel Santa Clara from Juan Niño, shipowner from Moguer...
“... on behalf of Don Luis de la Cerda. The vessel will be renamed La Niña... ”
La Nina?
La Niña, yes! That's one of the three caravels of the expedition of Christopher Columbus! They enabled him to discover the Americas.
Well, you can certainly say the grandfather had a flair for business...
Don't take note.
Longqing
“In 1567, the Mortimer family financed a brickworks in Qin-huang-dao, in China, fitted out with 51 furnaces 3.5 meters high...
... in guise of a protocol gift for Long-qing, the emperor of the Ming dynasty.”
Longqing, in 1567?
I'll bet that brickworks helped maintain the Great Wall.
Continue...
Nairac family
“In 1645, the Mortimer family allocated a pension, to be passed down the generations, to the Nairac family from Bordeaux, shipowners and refiners from father to son.”
A family known for their expeditions to Africa and America...
France, Africa, the Americas...
The Golden Triangle. That means they got rich on the backs of African slaves...
Continue...
Albert the Great
“From 1235 to 1280, the Mortimer family granted an annual pension to Albert the Great, archbishop of Regensburg...
... in order to fund his research and the writing of De Mirabilibus Mundi, books about the wonders of the world.”
De Mirabilibus Mundi...
Let's not forget it recorded the recipe for gunpowder in the form of an anagram...
They democratized firearms in Europe, no less...
Continue...
Others
Ponce de León
“In 1513, the Mortimers finance the expedition of Ponce de Leon to the New World.”
That was the expedition that resulted in the discovery of Florida, in fact!
Achille Basmarein
“In 1772, Lord Mortimer made a donation of 112 000 pounds to the attention of Achille Basmarein...
... major shipowner of Bordeaux, for the construction of a ship, the Clary.”
The Clary?
But...  that's Lafayette's ship!!! I thought he paid with his own coin!
It's even been suggested that grants were given by the Order... but in fact, that wasn't true at all!
Continue..
Academy Mersenne
“In 1635, the Mortimer family sponsored the Academy Mersenne for 30 years in Paris for works in the sciences and in philosophy”
That was generous...
But not entirely selfless when you think about Blaise Pascal who developed the first calculating machine at the same time!
Denis Papin
“From 1685 to 1720, the Mortimer family allocated an annual pension to Denis Papin for his brilliant works in pneumatics and hydraulics.”
That reminds me of spectacular experiments such as his first submarine, which didn't end all that well, if I remember correctly.
Denis Papin?...
In my opinion, his lesser known invention of the steam piston ought to be more important in the future...
That's strange, I thought he died in 1712...
Continue..
Ivan IV Vassiliévitch
“In 1550, the Mortimer family financed half of the construction of Saint Basil's Cathedral in Moscow...
... by way of a protocol gift for Ivan IV Vassiliévitch”.
One of the most beautiful religious buildings ever built...
Ivan IV?...
Ivan Vassiliévitch, the sadly named Ivan the Terrible...
Who owes his nickname to the terror he imposed on his empire...
Continue..
Return to the menu
Back
Analyze the document
Many families keep documents of their history, but I've never seen anything like this before!
Such regularity in writing them up through the generations, for such a long time...  First time I've ever seen that.
Mortimer gives considerable importance to his origins; that's undeniable.
Move away.
The book of the Mortimer family.
Hmm, nope...  no mechanism here.
Presentation of the Mortimer family.
Well, well...  history of the Mortimer lineage.
Looks like his ancestors have always sought to improve society, and have had an open attitude towards the arts...
Family tree
Oh, the family tree!
William Alexander Mortimer, first of his name.
The first William Alexander Mortimer.
He was born in 1131 and distinguished himself during the Third Crusade during which he rubbed shoulders with Richard the Lionheart.
He showed outstanding bravery during the siege of Saint Jean d'Acre.
He died in 1211, in the county of Westford at the age of 80. What longevity! Nice!
Nothing is mentioned about his wife.
William Terrence Mortimer
The direct descendant of William Alexander Mortimer I was born in 1195, on his father's return from the Crusade.
Only son. More discreet than his father, it states that he was widely traveled.
He produced only one descendant, named William Michael Mortimer.
He died in 1275. There's no chapter dedicated to his mother.
Look for the last descendant.
Lord William Alexander Mortimer.
Lover of the Arts and the Sciences, he took up politics at an early age.
After rapidly becoming influential, he decides to retire from public life...
... in order to organize conferences reserved for the elite with the aim of finding answers to world problems.
Blah, blah, blah...
He's also an only son and the book doesn't mention any known descendant.
See other ancestors
Alright...  for one, the women of the lineage are not mentioned at all. What a cavalier attitude!
Right, let's see...  Who else is there?
William Berth Mortimer
Only son. A descendant with a singular name. He also took a wife, and had only one child. Named William, again.
William August Mortimer
Another at random. William Mortimer, again! Only son, him too. Born in 1573 and died in 1665: the Mortimers live to a ripe old age, that's for sure!
