I have no interest in having France for a neighbor and you know that very well!
Calm down, George.
Louis... explain our plan to Mr Washington, please.
I'm not sure I rightly understand
I would have been only too glad to, Lord Mortimer.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure myself that I have fully understood all the details of your plan.
Oh Louis...
The United States is going to expand
You see, Mr President, Lord Mortimer anticipates that once France obtains Louisiana, they will cede it to you.
What do you mean? To us? The United States?
You heard right.
But... I...
President Washington, the United States will double in size!
By what miracle have you...
You need to expand, George. You and France are the two major democracies in the modern world.
It is necessary that you both become super powers!
Are you really gonna sponsor democracy throughout the world?
Of course, Monsieur Péru.
That's why I don't want Spain to get too attached to those wetlands.
Please, continue, Louis. Explain my vision to Mr President.
Of course.
By going through France, Spain won't suspect that it's you who is going to take possession of Louisiana.
They'll even believe that France will be a protective buffer between itself in California, and you on the East coast.
If Señor Godoy was afraid that you might take the territory by force, now he is reassured.
You would never attack France.
Of course
Mr President, Lord Mortimer intends for you to conquer all the North American continent.
He's relying on you to not stop at Louisiana but to continue to push west.
Indeed, it would be dishonest to pretend that this is not my final objective.
Frankly, I didn't grasp everything
Between you and me, Lord Mortimer, I'd rather let you explain.
That's why you need to expand, George.
And I don't just mean Louisiana.
That's just the first step. You will soon take over the whole of the northern continent.
You will become a nation able to compete with any of the super powers of Europe or elsewhere.
But why didn't you tell me before?
For more spontaneity
So that Lord Mortimer would appear to be isolated, without support.
Exactly, you got it, Louis.
Lord Mortimer retains the advantage by advancing under cover. And for it to work he needed you to act surprised...
To keep one step ahead
So Holm doesn't see it coming.
But by the time it dawns on Señor Godoy, it'll be too late because he will realize that he's just lost all the North American continent.
We all know that you won't stop once the path is cleared before you.
What do you mean?
You see, Monsieur Péru, it's very likely that, once Louisiana becomes American, President Washington will push out even more and take the west coast.
Say nothing
...
George, I was banking on your surprise.
The more Gregory thinks I'm weakened the broader my scope of action will be.
William, you haven't changed. Always one step ahead.
One step ahead? You're joking, more like five!
On that note, my friends, it's getting late.
Mr President, continue to take offense over my project when we resume the conference in the morning. You do it to a tee.
And if Sir Gregory has the audacity to send you an emissary to convince you to go against me, do me a favor, string him along, if you can.
The more they believe we are divided, the more we'll have our hands free.
Only too happy to oblige.
Now, let us get some rest, we've got a big day tomorrow.
Good night, gentlemen.
Good night.
Louis, if you have a minute.
I would like to ask a favor of you. I'm going to require your services.
How can I be of help? Tell me all about it.
Our adversaries are many and the closing vote of the conference will soon be upon us. Time is of an essence so I'll need you to assist me this evening.
How can I help?
I need you to go, this very evening, to persuade Señor Godoy to join us. He is the backbone of Gregory's resistance.
Turn him round and all the others will follow in such a stampede that Gregory will be able to do nothing but admit defeat.
Lord Mortimer, with all due respect, don't you think I'm the last person Godoy wants to talk to?
I'm sure you can do it. I believe in you.
He's hiding something from me!
Lord Mortimer, you're not telling me everything.
Let's say I wouldn't disapprove if the right honorable though nonetheless choleric Duke Manuel put you in his bad books.
If it could motivate him to declare war on France, it would greatly serve our interests.
War? What do you mean?
I told you before the conference.
The more we distract Spain from the Americas, the less it will have an eye on Louisiana.
But all the same, we're talking about a war in Europe.
Don't worry. That's why Mr Bonaparte is with us.
I am convinced we'll be perfectly capably of managing the conflict.
And Señor Godoy is not a great soldier. He will not commit Spain to a long war that he won't be capable of managing.
Alright, we shall see
If you believe that's the best way, then...
Nevertheless, I wouldn't bring up all the habits and customs of the court with him too much.
I sense he's on edge at the moment, I doubt he'll be able to abide by the rules of etiquette that befit his rank.
Thanks for the advice.
However, it must be done for the conference tomorrow morning. It's important, Louis.
I'll go straight away.
Thank you, my boy.
And get some rest afterwards. Big day tomorrow.
Aren't you afraid our projects for Italy may be discovered before we...
Oh, please excuse us, Louis, but I need to speak with Lord Mortimer in private.
No, no. What do you want, Louis?
Some advice when approaching Godoy
I'm going to have a word with Duke Manuel but...  You know him better than I do, I believe...
Yes, avoid any marks of respect and protocol pertaining to his rank.
He is not fond of courtly manners.
Thank you for the advice, my Lord.
How is the rest of the conference going to play out
When are we supposed to vote?
The conference resumes tomorrow morning...
