I chose to follow Sir Gregory Holm
I could have followed Sir Gregory Holm
I convinced George Washington
I did not convince George Washington
I convinced Manuel Godoy
I did not convince Manuel Godoy
I found out that Jacques Péru would do anything for his daughter.
I could have found out Jacques Péru's secret.
I allowed myself to be convinced by Lady Hillsborrow
I could have allow myself to be convinced by Lady Hillsborrow
I did not allow myself to be convinced by Lady Hillsborrow
I could have not allowed myself to be convinced by Lady Hillsborrow
I slept with Lady Hillsborrow
I did not sleep with Emily Hillsborrow
I saved Jacques Péru
I did not save Jacques Péru
I found out that Lord Mortimer has a role in the rise of Napoleon Bonaparte.
I could have found out a secret from Napoleon Bonaparte
I found out that Sir Gregory Holm and von Wölner have close ties
I could have found out about Sir Gregory Holm
I forced Manuel Godoy into declaring war on France
I could have triggered a war
I was shot by Jacques Péru
"Lord Duke,
Here is the information obtained by our intelligence service.
I can confirm that Mr Hay is indeed working on an agreement with Great Britain.
The aim seems to be to weaken the French economy, and secretly that of the Spanish, by seizing merchandise at sea.
Our treasuries are already suffering from the embargo on French food products, such a treaty would mean the ruin of our colonies.
I have no doubt that you will be able to swiftly find a diplomatic solution.
Awaiting further instructions... "
"Lord Duke,
Here is the information obtained by our intelligence service.
I can confirm that Mr Hay is indeed working on an agreement with Great Britain.
The aim seems to be to weaken the French economy, and secretly that of the Spanish, by seizing merchandise at sea.
Our treasuries are already suffering from the embargo on French food products, such a treaty would mean the ruin of our colonies.
I have no doubt that you will be able to swiftly find a diplomatic solution.
Awaiting further instructions... "
Duke Manuel?
Well, well, Monsieur de Richet. I was not expecting you.
I am not in the mood, sir, I warn you.
What do you want from me, sir?
Ask why was he angry when he arrived
I see you are still feeling under pressure.
Since your arrival, I've noticed that you have been on the defensive.
...
It seems to me that Monsieur Péru has a knack for getting your back up.
That's the least you can say.
Indeed, I was warned. I knew what to expect.
For God's sake, why in the hell did your people execute their King? Have the French gone stark, raving mad?
There are nothing but monarchies in power in Europe: they will all come crashing down on you!!
We shall see: it might well turn out to be the opposite...
Huh... You certainly don't lack for audacity, young man!
Rally him to Mortimer.
Duke Manuel, I've come to talk. A distinguished man like yourself will not let a small disagreement get in the way of progress.
I am convinced that we can come to an arrangement that will satisfy all parties. Lord Mortimer's project could be beneficial for everyone.
How dare you stand here before me after that conference!
Never will I follow France, monsieur.
Never!
Remind him of our countries' common interests.
You and I both serve our countries as best we can, Duke Manuel. We are ambassadors.
That doesn't mean we have to oppose each other. France and Spain have always been neighbors and friends.
We share common issues and it is not in our interest to come into conflict. Let alone on our own home soil.
Alright, you have my full attention, Monsieur de Richet.
Make good use of it.
I've come to get some fresh air.
Oh nothing in particular, señor.
It's a beautiful night, I've come for a breath of fresh air before going to bed.
When you've stopped taking me for a fool, maybe you will tell me what you are really doing here?
Wöllner is looking for you.
I've come to warn you that Wöllner is looking for you.
For what reason?
Ah, that I don't know, he didn't say.
Well, he can wait.
Thank you, sir.
About our spat at the conference...
This conference can't have been easy for you.
Is it always like this?
Ha! That's the least we can say!
Yet, I was warned: I knew what to expect from Mortimer.
But I refuse to be a laughingstock.
If it's war the French want, that is what they will get!
Wait, we don't have to do this.
Perhaps, but everything's pushing us to do so!
Just tell me one thing, monsieur...
Why did you side with Mortimer?
He is alone, isolated. The United States can do nothing to help you and France is surrounded by over ten countries just waiting for the word to pounce.
Really, I don't see why you choose Mortimer.
Because he's going to beat Holm.
Oh it's really quite simple, you know.
Whose place are we at?
Who can manage to bring together so many influential figures under the same roof?
Technically, Sir Gregory brought more guests than Mortimer.
Yes, but in who's name? Who organized the party, señor Godoy? Who pays the bills?
And you are forgetting something fundamental. Who has the biggest army nowadays?
Uh yes yes...
There's no shame in admitting that France is militarily superior to you.
That's why you are considering joining forces with other European countries in order to confront us.
I agree that Mortimer does have some powerful assets.
Because the Order supports Mortimer.
The Golden Order, my friend.
