So you are afraid of what might happen to YOU, if you talked to me about it.
No.
My fate is already sealed.
Afraid for others
You're protecting someone...
Who is dear to you.
And apparently, you're prepared to die for that person.
Twice over...
He is not alone, he has his daughter
Are you afraid for your daughter?
What do you...
Be careful de Richet. Be very careful what you're about to say if you don't want to go flying off the balcony!
What do you know about her?
Nothing, apart from the fact that you love her and you're saying goodbye to her.
I read your letter on your desk...
I...
I ought to get rid of you!
Perhaps I can I help you?
The hero syndrome.
You always think you can fix things.
She will be safer faraway from me! That's it!
What's more, no one must find out where or who she is!
Is that clear?
Perfectly.
But why say goodbye to her? She must still need you.
The only thing she needs is for him never to find her.
The devil?
What did he do for you to describe him in this way?
I described him exactly as he is. What else do I call him?
He lures you in, makes you feel important, pushes you forward.
He charms you day after day, reads you with such ease. He understands your weaknesses, overcomes your resistance.
He talks to you again and again, until you can no longer say no.
Come sir, how can a man like you...
Why doesn't he leave?
If you fear the worst, why not leave?
What difference would that make?
No, the solution is here, whether I like it or not...
I don't understand...
I don't give a toss if you understand or not, de Richet!
Now leave me in peace!
Time is short, Louis.
Follow my advice. Find your mother if she's still alive, and get out of here!
Flee this damned island of doom.
Are we in danger?
You've been in danger since the minute you set foot on this rock.
He wants you, he's sizing you up. He is circling around you.
It's blindingly obvious.
And you, flattered as you are, will soon be running around for him, just to keep your place among his precious few. It feels so good to be accepted by him.
You will experience power, wealth, glory...  he will give it all to you.
Until one day, you'll feel so eaten up inside that you will no longer know who you are.
You will find yourself void of all conscience, of all freedom.
And can no longer look at yourself in the mirror without feeling sick.
Refuse, I tell you! From now on say no. NO!
Look, I'm sorry about what happened on the night you arrived.
You're a good man, Louis. You look after yourself.
As for me, I shall take back my freedom tomorrow morning.
I'm through with it all.
There you go! Back in the saddle! I'm glad to hear it!
Come on, it's late, I'd like to get some rest.
Very well, I'll leave you then. See you tomorrow, monsieur.
Monsieur de Richet, you are expected at the conference... 
Please take the door to your left to join the guests... 
Monsieur de Richet, you're the only one missing at the conference... 
Please join the guests.
What can I do for you, sir?
I am at your service, day and night, sir.
Do you know where Monsieur Washington is?
Would you happen to know where I can find Monsieur Washington?
Sorry, sir, I haven't the foggiest. Perhaps sir ought to try in President Washington's room?
Do you know where Godoy is?
Have you seen Duke Manuel?
The Duke is in the dining room, sir.
Take your leave
Let me in, please.
Er, I...  I'm sorry, sir, but that's impossible.
What's going on in there?
Come now, there's nothing secret going on in there...  Let me in.
Oh, I'm sorry but I cannot say, sir, I am to follow Lord Mortimer's instructions.
Who is still inside?
Can you at least tell me who is still in the room? I'm looking for a guest.
Of course, sir. It would seem that only Lord Mortimer and Mr Napoleon are present.
The other guests have gone back to their rooms by another door.
Do you know where Washington is?
I'm looking for President Washington. Would you know where he is by any chance?
Er, unfortunately not, sir. All I can say to sir is that the president is no longer in the conference room.
Alright, I'll go looking for him myself... 
End the conversation
Thank you... 
Have a good evening, sir.
I would like to come in...
I am sorry, sir, but that is not possible for the moment.
What's going on in there?
Why?
Sir Gregory's orders, sir.
Who is inside?
I'm looking for someone...  tell me at least who's in there so that I don't needlessly go looking around for hours.
Duchess Hillsborrow is speaking with Sir Gregory, sir.
The other guests have gone back to their rooms through the other side.
I'm looking for Duke Manuel.
Can you tell me where I can find Duke Manuel, please?
