Your daughter has nothing to fear
Look, you've done as much as you can!
You have nothing to fear, your daughter is safe.
Shut up!
Let's stand together
Jacques, you're not alone!
There's nothing you can do against him...
Of course there is. We've already started!
How can you say that, knowing he's already probably gotten rid of your mother, Louis?
No he hasn't. She's still here, she's alive, Jacques.
But...
Yes, trust me.
Appease him
Come on, Jacques. Stop now, before it gets any worse.
Give me the gun, please.
I wasn't gonna fire at anyone, you know...
I know.
Be firm!
Jacques, don't shoot.
Give me the gun, come on.
Sorry, Louis.
Take it from him!
Calm down now, Jacques.
It's over!
You have no idea what you just put me through.
It would be nice if we could all settle down a bit.
And let us thank Louis for his intervention.  That was very courageous of him.
All this agitation isn't worthy of us
This is not who you are. You're better than that.
You don't know me!
Yes, I do. I know you're no coward.
So give me your weapon, please.
But... I...
There's nothing to fear. I'm right here.
I don't want him to talk to me...
Don't worry, you're safe now, Jacques...
Monsieur Péru, you could have seriously hurt someone, if Monsieur de Richet here hadn't stopped you.
Your behavior is unacceptable.
You would do better to go and rest in your apartment.
My friends, we shall continue the conference later.
I would like to apologize for the inexcusable behavior of my guest.
We all need to recover from all of this... excitement. Take the rest of the day off.
"My dear little Eléonore,
I wanted to share with you my calmer thoughts of the moment... 
Needless to say how much I miss you and how much I regret having to be separated from you.
But I know you will be virtuous, courageous and safe with your sister, Marie-Hélène.
I will never be able to mend my mistakes but I do know now how to save you form their consequences once and for all.
Be always assured of my fatherly devotion and affection, never doubt it, come what may.
You must know that everything will turn out for the best now.
I am determined to protect you whatever the price I have to pay, and so be confident and serene in times of ordeal.
With all my love,
Your ever-proud father."
"My dear little Eléonore,
I wanted to share with you my calmer thoughts of the moment... 
Needless to say how much I miss you and how much I regret having to be separated from you.
But I know you will be virtuous, courageous and safe with your sister, Marie-Hélène.
I will never be able to mend my mistakes but I do know now how to save you form their consequences once and for all.
Be always assured of my fatherly devotion and affection, never doubt it, come what may.
You must know that everything will turn out for the best now.
I am determined to protect you whatever the price I have to pay, and so be confident and serene in times of ordeal.
With all my love,
Your ever-proud father."
Leave me, de Richet...  I don't feel like talking.
Question him on the state of his room.
Your door was ajar, and given the state of your room I...
I was worried.
It's none of your business.
Stay and keep quiet
Are you gonna keep sticking to me like glue?
...
Hell's bells, I don't deserve this...
Leave.
There's nothing you can do for me.
What's going on?
Maybe I can help?
Not anymore, you can't. Not against him.
But thanks for the offer.
Who are you talking about?
You know very well...
Lord Mortimer?
You talk as if you were in danger, monsieur.
Has he threatened you in any way?
I'm done for, Monsieur de Richet.
I played with the devil and I lost.
He is stronger than that!
Come on, pull yourself together, for goodness sake.
You're a man of character, headstrong even. It's not like you to give in.
You don't understand.
Leave me now.
Make him talk, Louis!
Don't you think it would be good for you to shed your burden?
That is my intention...
You're worried.
You have a secret.
You're afraid of talking about it.
Afraid for me if he spoke to me?
You're afraid of what might happen to me if you told me about it?
Absolutely not.
You're not the center of the world, you know.
Afraid for himself?
