My, you are a rash one.
However, if ever you want to change sides, please feel free to let me know.
But tell me... you didn't come here to try and make me change my mind, did you?
That's the last thing on my mind, although you would have everything to gain by it.
I prefer Mortimer
There's no point trying to persuade me...
Don't hold it against me.
Of course not, silly.
Why would I change sides?
Do you perhaps know something that I don't?
Come on Emily, it's time you lay your cards on the table...
She knows something about Louisiana
If you have a good reason for Spain to keep Louisiana, I'm all ears...
Louis, I can assure you on good authority that the crown will never let France take over Louisiana without taking firm action.
Your country has everything to lose... especially now, it being weakened as it is on the home front.
In other words, you believe the aim is to weaken France...
Just an observation, Louis.
She knows something about Mortimer
If you know something I don't about Lord Mortimer, now's the time...
I don't want to speak ill of him but in certain circles, you can't exactly say he has a good reputation.
Continue...
Well, there have been instances where he has used people, then gotten rid of them once he no longer seemed to need them, Louis.
He makes fine promises, makes you feel valuable, tests you...
But beware. I'm worried that something might happen to you.
Are you advising me to change sides as a precaution?
I'd rather say: as a safety measure.
Louis, if you trust me, you ought to ask yourself why I have chosen Holm.
You do trust me, don't you?
Yes
Of course, Emily.
No
It's got nothing to do with trust.
Oh... Oh.
So, you don't trust me then.
I love the way you don't really reply, in order to avoid getting involved.
No, but make her believe so
Of course, Emily. You know you have my full trust.
Louis, you're lying, that's not good.
Anymore of that and I might get upset.
Admit, though, that it does make you think.
There's still time, you know.
Join us before it's too late.
Change sides
I admit... you've sown the seed of doubt.
But I don't know how Lord Mortimer is gonna take my last-minute change of mind....
Don't worry yourself about that, really! It's only discussions and verbal jousting...
No one's going to die, whatever happens... And Sir Gregory will be there to support you.
Very well! You can count on me to join your side, then.
But don't tell anyone until the vote...
Promise.
We'll make a good team, you'll see.
Stay for Mortimer.
Unfortunately, my word is my bond.
I don't want to leave Lord Mortimer in the lurch.
Very well, as you wish.
It's up to you to decide.
Tell me, are these visits to Mortimer's always so intense?
Yes and no...
My sister doesn't normally disappear like she has.
Any news of your mother?
Speak about Emma
Well, I should imagine you're still shaken...
I promise to shed light on my mother's circumstances as soon as possible.
There's not much to shed light on! What your mother did is inexcusable!
She won the trust of my sister in order to more easily betray her.
She didn't do anything to her! I...
Speak to her about Emma
Still nothing.
And you, any news of your sister?
No... but knowing her, I'm persuaded she's on someone's trail.
You'll see, she'll surprise us all!
If only you knew, Emily...
You're right! We must remain positive. I'm sure it won't be long before she turns up.
My thoughts, too.
She is Duchess Hillsborrow, after all!
And as such, she is capable of anything.
I am sure that you'll appreciate her, you'll see.
No doubt about that.
And it might turn out that you prefer her to me. Who knows?
Maybe so
Indeed, who knows!
You like to play with fire, Louis.
Not really
Rest assured, I don't think it's going to happen.
I'm sure she's very nice but there is only one Emily Hillsborrow.
We shall see...
Tell her Sarah's been seen
I've seen her, Emily.
What?? When was that?
A little earlier, just before the conference.
She was hiding.
And did you manage to speak to her?
She's not the same. I don't know what's been happening to her but she's changed.
I found her in a deplorable state, with... with one of her hands cut off. She was saying crazy things, bordering on delirium.
What?? Did you say one of her hands was cut off?
What happened to her?
I don't know, she... she wouldn't say.
And did she tell you why she...
...why...
Why she shot Emma?
