Alas, I do not know, sir. I can only assure you he is not is the small salon.
End the conversation
Very well...  Thank you.
Good evening, sir.
My friends, do not worry. I assure you that Lord Mortimer's plan will never see the light of day.
I shall deal with informing our allies but for the time being, I need you to make a stand.
What do you think about Monsieur de Richet?
I don't know yet...  I feel there's great potential in him.
He looks like he can be trusted.
Certainly not! He's a prig, a show-off! A Frenchman, in other words!
Why isn't he with us? He was opposed to Mortimer.
I'll wait and see. I'm still not sure of his position.
And Duchess Hillsborrow?
Why isn't she here?
She's busy. Don't worry about her.
Oh, isn't it time to replace her?
Not so fast, sir. She is an important figure.
You ought to have a little more faith in her.
What are we going to do about Washington?
He will be a hard nut to crack.
On our chessboard, he is Mortimer's King.
Don't worry, Mr President only wants one thing, to keep his dear America united.
He won't jeopardize everything he has achieved on a whim.
He has been serving Mortimer for quite some time. It won't be easy to...  bring him around.
I have asked Monsieur de Richet to approach him.
Let us have faith in him.
I sense that Mr Péru is about to surprise us too.
Yet, he is Mortimer's strong arm in France.
He knows his time has come and I believe he is intelligent enough to realize it means he is no longer any use to Mortimer.
Do you feel alright, Mr Godoy?
You haven't said a word.
Please excuse me, gentlemen. I feel...  tired.
Oh...  I see.
I think it is high time you left us then.
Now!
Locked...
To pick the lock
Force open
Shit! I've broken it!
Oh well, never mind, let's see what Washington has to hide, shall we?
Use the small key
The President's personal reserve of laudanum.
And judging by the quantity, he can't go without it.
Ah, there's also a letter.
Move away
Locked...
To pick the lock
Force open
Shit! I've broken it!
Oh well, never mind, let's see what Washington has to hide, shall we?
Use the small key
The President's personal reserve of laudanum.
And judging by the quantity, he can't go without it.
Ah, there's also a letter.
Move away
Louis? Why... what are you doing in my room?
Pretend you heard a burglar
As I walked by your room I noticed the door was open.
I wanted to check no one had gone in.
And? What is the outcome of your investigation, inspector de Richet?
Go ahead, laugh it off.
I didn't see anyone, Mr President.
Splendid, all is safe and sound.
Tell him you got the wrong room
You're going to laugh, but I got the wrong room.
Are you serious, Louis?
I thought you were a better liar than that. If you don't get better soon, you'll get eaten alive.
Flatter him
I wanted to have a word with you. But just between ourselves.
Here the walls have ears.
You are right, caution is the mother of safety.
Be direct!
Mr President, I won't beat around the bush.
I came to persuade you not to follow Lord Mortimer on this one.
I appreciate your forthrightness, Louis.
That will save us some time.
Well... since you are here... Can I get you something to drink?
No thank you, Mr President.
As you wish...
Well, Louis, it's getting late and this is not my first conference so let's get straight to the point.
You are here to motivate me to change sides.
I hope you are not angry at me.
I know that you...
Louis, we are not children.
You have your reasons. You will understand that your word no longer holds any value for me, but these things do happen.
I only hope you know what you are doing.
This is your first conference and not following the master of ceremony who backed you seems somewhat perilous, but you are young, after all.
I've decided not to follow Mortimer.
I noticed.
Every man must make his own choice, what can we say? That's the political game.
And you did not commit to supporting Mortimer, so there's nothing for you to feel bad about.
So? What can I do for you?
Mortimer's plans go against him
Mr President, I don't believe it is necessary for me to motivate you at all. It's simply in your best interest.
I was there at the conference, remember?
To put it bluntly, Mortimer announced a project that offers absolutely no interest for you.
You said so yourself.
My young friend, I must admit that Lord Mortimer did somewhat surprise me earlier.
You are a laughingstock
Mr President, Mortimer is simply leaving you by the wayside.
