When we went to all the trouble of gaining the territory a few years ago, it was not just to lose it today!
Have I made myself clear?
What did I tell you, William?
You speak of union and yet here you are, about to tear us apart.
Duke Manuel, I perfectly understand you.
But rest assured, you will soon adore my proposition, you shall see.
Well, since you give me the choice, my good fellow, allow me to doubt it.
However, I am impatient to hear what Spain could possibly gain from the sale of Louisiana.
I never spoke of a sale, my good fellow.
What... But... I... I do not understand...
There is one more territory left to conquer, if I'm not mistaken, in the North West.
It is of course occupied by your notorious Indians but...
We shall soon be rid of the savages, so that is not the question!
They are not savages!
Duke, these savages, as you call them, were there before you.
They are on their homeland.
As much as the black people of Africa, Monsieur de Richet.
That does not stop your dear France from massacring them and sending them like cattle to Mr Washington's cotton plantations to provide him with cheap labor.
So keep your morals to yourself, if you please.
Señor, I would not like to be associated with that.
The subject of black slaves in the United States of America is a complex subject which we shall resolve at a future date.
The filthy swine!
It obviously doesn't stop you from sleeping at night.
Not in the least.
Do not imagine I have anything against the American Indians or the blacks.
That is not the question. But business is business.
It is the natural order of things, Monsieur de Richet. There have always been men who govern other men. That is simply the way it is.
And it might as well be the likes of you who rule, is that right?
But of course.
Challenge him!
France is not without fault, but that doesn't take away Spain's responsibilities.
You see, native Americans are being subjected to a veritable ethnic cleansing. Europeans are colonizing their land so that it then belongs to them. The widespread evangelization of its inhabitants will soon eradicate a multitude of cultures.
You've done the same thing in South America.
How far will white people go? Reservations to pen them in like cattle? Total genocide?
France will soon no longer uses slavery!
Señor Godoy, you must know that France will soon ban these barbaric practices.
Oh, do not get on your high horse, Monsieur Frenchman.
The only reason why France has ceased trading in slaves is because of the commercial blockade that Great Britain has imposed against you.
The instant the shipping lanes have been restored, France will again treat these people like cattle.
Keep quiet
Come now, my friends, let us not digress.
Anyway, these primitive people have no souls, Louis. We bring the good word to them in order to save them.
You'll see, colonization brings with it many benefits, too.
Excuse me. If you don't mind, your Eminence, I shall continue.
Duke Manuel, I believe that Spain should cede Louisiana to France, free of charge.
This is utterly grotesque, Lord Mortimer.
What a strange example you set for your young protegé.
Isn't that so, Monsieur de Richet? Do you understand anything of this proposition?
It would protect you from the Americans.
If I were you, Señor Godoy, I would think twice before stirring up a scandal.
I beg your pardon?!
Given the size of your colonies, you won't be able to keep them for long.
A number of countries are eyeing them as we speak. The United States would have no trouble taking them. For all intents and purposes you have no army in place.
By wanting to keep everything, you risk losing it all, especially your colonies in South America, which are far more valuable to you.
That is indeed the danger, Duke Manuel.
If it comes to war over Louisiana, you will lose. And probably a good deal more than you now imagine.
Young man, you are indeed a dark horse. Aren't you?
It will protect you from the British
We are neighbors, Duke Manuel.
Remenber your main rival in Europe is more likely to be England, who is plowing the seas right up your coastline!
Hand over Louisiana to France and make her a prime ally.
Come, Louis, Spain and Great Britain are already allies and have nothing to gain by breaking their alliance.
Even if I do agree, Duchess, the omnipresence of the English fleet in Atlantic waters does not particularly please me.
Say nothing
I must say, William, I find your project mostly disfavors me.
I thought you were my friend.
And I am, Mr President.
That is why I am doing everything in my power to calm your expansionist fervor.
France in Louisiana should persuade you not to attempt anything to take the territory by force.
Louisiana is a vast wetland where you would needlessly lose most of your troops. It would weaken you and offer certain nations the perfect opportunity to take back your famous United States.
I am protecting you from yourself, George. Trust me.
I understand but with friends like you, sir, I certainly don't need any more enemies.
I hope you know what you're doing...
Checked
Am I imagining things or does it look like Washington isn't aware of Mortimer's plan?
Not to put too fine a point on it, Lord Mortimer, but I doubt the Holy See would be in favor of catholic Louisiana being handed over to secular revolutionaries and king killers.
I should think Monsieur de Richet has an opinion on the subject, has he not?
France will protect the Christians.
Your Eminence, have no fear over that. I am sure France will do everything in its power to protect the Christians of Louisiana.
My young friend, how can you come out with such a remark after the discussion we had on the evening of your arrival?
If France was so respectful of worship, it would not be bleeding priests as it is doing at this very moment in time.
Don't be naive. This is politics. The Holy See must be concerned at seeing such a large territory falling into the hands of the French.
France does not need to seek the Pope's opinion.
If France took the Papal States, their opinion over the sale of Louisiana would be definitively resolved.
Good Lord... you are talking of an invasion of Italy.
Don't take it the wrong way, your Eminence, colonization brings with it many benefits, you'll see.
Very funny, Monsieur de Richet.
Think of Mortimer's maps of the world.
On the maps of Italy I saw in Mortimer's secret study, he had anticipated movements of troops across Italy.
I wouldn't be surprised if he is planning an invasion of Italy by France. And if I push the notion a bit further, I can well imagine that Bonaparte's cannons financed by the Order will be used for that purpose.
The noose is tightening around poor Piaggi's neck without him even realizing it...
I don't know if I'm the best person to speak about that, your Eminence.
Well, I think that the French army will enter Italy, and that the Vatican will do whatever France demands of it, if the Vatican wants to retain its place.
You are joking, I hope!
Lord Mortimer, I did not come here to listen to such nonsense!
What makes you think that, Monsieur de Richet?
Well, monsieur Bonaparte, here present, has ordered a large number of cannons and I wouldn't be surprised if they were to be used to keep Italy under control.
Come, sir, what a strange idea!
I have enough on my plate with issues in Corsica.
But Corsica is not where the cannons are to be delivered. Is it?
