Migraines? Loss of consciousness? Loss of control?
No, no, rest assured. All is well...
I promise you.
What else?
Mortimer's secret study?
Everything I found in Lord Mortimer's secret study.
You managed to get past the nightmare?...
I'm proud of you, Louis.
But that's not what I meant by strange.
He's nevertheless extending his influence across the world, Mother.
I know, but that's not what concerns me right now!
I asked you if anything strange has happened to you, personally.
GOOD OUTCOME
Now, shut up and listen to me. We might still have a chance.
Something of utmost importance is going to play out right here.
What are you talking about?
A conference, Louis.
I should think all Mortimer's guests have arrived by now, haven't they?
Yes, they have, since this morning.
Perfect.
The conference will be able to begin.
Very soon, I should think.
Indeed, it shouldn't be long and...
Let me finish! We haven't time!
Say nothing
You will attend this conference and you must find out what Mortimer is up to!
Don't trust him, Louis!
Understood?
Does she know about the project?
But... but what's it about?
No matter! I'd wager it's about a vast acquisition of some territory in North America.
This, however, is not the issue.
But don't you think that...
Agree without trying to understand.
Right, I'll do what you ask of me.
But calm down, please, Mother.
Say nothing
Louis, I made a mistake by coming here!
We are in the lion's den.
What?
What do you mean?
Say nothing
Mortimer...  Holm...  their guests. Watch what happens.
Do you think it's normal that the representatives of the most powerful nations are here all on their own without anyone else...
...on an island in the middle of nowhere, in total secrecy?
No, not really but...
Louis...  They shape the world. They manipulate us.
Everything is decided here...  and now.
They create and break states, provoke wars, destitute governments or decide who will be their leaders.
Open your eyes!
What is she talking about?
Mother, calm yourself, please...
Say nothing
Nothing is impossible for them. They are capable of reaching everyone, wherever they may be.
Through high society banquets, they model the future of us all.
A cardinal from the Vatican drinks to the health of the Prussian minister of worship.
Who, as we speak, is exterminating all the Christians in Prussia.
And it isn't at all an issue for them.
And?...  What do you propose?
It's time to act, my son.
You will go to this conference and, from the inside, you'll do everything you can to prevent Mortimer's plan from going ahead smoothly.
We can talk later. I'll explain everything.
But why?
Do as I say, Louis! It's of the utmost importance! Beware of Mortimer. He won't let anything stand in his way.
You promise me that after...
Yes, after!
Go now.
Yes, Mother, I'm going, I'm going...
BAD OUTCOME
If you really are who you say you are, then you'll do what I ask of you!
Which is?
A conference is going to be held.
You will attend on my behalf.
No, wait, Mother...  No one cares about...
Shut up, Louis!
You will be invited and you will go.
Mortimer will present a project. Whatever this project is...
But...
WHATEVER THE PROJECT IS, I want you to learn as much as you can about it.
You'll have to get by as best you can, but we must find out what it's about.
Do you understand?
Don't you think that before all that, there are a few issues to be addressed?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
Yeess, alright, alright, I understand!
I'll explain afterward!
But right now, you MUST go to the conference.
Go now.
You do realize you're still treating me like a...
Go!
If you aren't there when I get back, I warn you...
One more thing, Mother...
Emily Hillsborrow, Emma's sister, came to this island looking for her sister...
She probably won't hesitate to take revenge and...
It's the signal that the conference is starting, Louis.
Don't be concerned about the Duchess, she's the last of our worries.
I reassured Sarah de Richet
I did not reassure Sarah de Richet
I participated in the conference
I chose to follow Lord Mortimer
I could have followed Lord Mortimer
