My Lord Duke, in these uncertain times, I believe it would be to your advantage to be rid of Louisiana, in order to focus your attention on your colonies in the South.
It will show the Court the man you really are and how much you truly deserve your position.
And it will silence all the gibes and jeers aimed at my person.
Then people would only see me as the man who consolidated the frontiers of the Spanish Empire.
What a statesman you are.
GOOD OUTCOME - GODOY SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR MORTIMER
Come on, you fool, give it up. You're trapped like a rat!
Monsieur, I'm astounded. I did not think you capable but you've succeeded.
I will be more wary of you the next time.
Nonetheless, if you can guarantee Lord Mortimer's support, then, yes, you can count on my vote when the time comes.
However, I expect you to be discreet with regard to my former partners, without which our agreement will become null and void.
Of course, my Lord Duke. You can count on me.
Lord Mortimer will be delighted to hear the news.
I hope you know what you're getting into, Louis.
I bid you good luck.
Good night, my Lord Duke.
See you tomorrow.
BAD OUTCOME  - GODOY SAYS HE WILL NOT VOTE FOR HOLM
How could you ever think a pup like you could manipulate me in this way, for a single second?
Never will I follow you!
Let me tell you that not only do I refuse any collusion with you but I will go much further...
I declare war on you, Monsieur de Richet! On you, on your family! On your country!
I will give you war like you've never seen before!
Now get out of here!
Well, well, I hope Mortimer knows what he's doing, because he's going to get his bloody war.
Manuel, I am very surprised by your response.
Shit, it's worse than before...
My Lord Duke, there must be a misunderstanding. Come now, there's no need for anything like that.
I am convinced that...
GET OUT OF HERE!
Duke Manuel?
Well, well, Monsieur de Richet. I was not expecting you.
I am not in the mood, sir, I warn you.
What do you want from me, sir?
Ask why was he angry when he arrived
I see you are still feeling under pressure.
Since your arrival, I've noticed that you have been on the defensive.
...
It seems to me that Monsieur Péru has a knack for getting your back up.
That's the least you can say.
Indeed, I was warned. I knew what to expect.
For God's sake, why in the hell did your people execute their King? Have the French gone stark, raving mad?
There are nothing but monarchies in power in Europe: they will all come crashing down on you!!
We shall see: it might well turn out to be the opposite...
Huh... You certainly don't lack for audacity, young man!
Rally him to Mortimer.
Duke Manuel, I've come to talk. A distinguished man like yourself will not let a small disagreement get in the way of progress.
I am convinced that we can come to an arrangement that will satisfy all parties. Lord Mortimer's project could be beneficial for everyone.
How dare you stand here before me after that conference!
Never will I follow France, monsieur.
Never!
Remind him of our countries' common interests.
You and I both serve our countries as best we can, Duke Manuel. We are ambassadors.
That doesn't mean we have to oppose each other. France and Spain have always been neighbors and friends.
We share common issues and it is not in our interest to come into conflict. Let alone on our own home soil.
Alright, you have my full attention, Monsieur de Richet.
Make good use of it.
I've come to get some fresh air.
Oh nothing in particular, señor.
It's a beautiful night, I've come for a breath of fresh air before going to bed.
When you've stopped taking me for a fool, maybe you will tell me what you are really doing here?
Wöllner is looking for you.
I've come to warn you that Wöllner is looking for you.
For what reason?
Ah, that I don't know, he didn't say.
Well, he can wait.
Thank you, sir.
About our spat at the conference...
This conference can't have been easy for you.
Is it always like this?
Ha! That's the least we can say!
Yet, I was warned: I knew what to expect from Mortimer.
But I refuse to be a laughingstock.
If it's war the French want, that is what they will get!
Wait, we don't have to do this.
Perhaps, but everything's pushing us to do so!
Just tell me one thing, monsieur...
Why did you side with Mortimer?
He is alone, isolated. The United States can do nothing to help you and France is surrounded by over ten countries just waiting for the word to pounce.
Really, I don't see why you choose Mortimer.
Because he's going to beat Holm.
Oh it's really quite simple, you know.
Whose place are we at?
Who can manage to bring together so many influential figures under the same roof?
Technically, Sir Gregory brought more guests than Mortimer.
Yes, but in who's name? Who organized the party, señor Godoy? Who pays the bills?
And you are forgetting something fundamental. Who has the biggest army nowadays?
Uh yes yes...
There's no shame in admitting that France is militarily superior to you.
That's why you are considering joining forces with other European countries in order to confront us.
I agree that Mortimer does have some powerful assets.
Because the Order supports Mortimer.
The Golden Order, my friend.
The Order is everywhere. We come from France, we are present in the United States, England, and many other countries.
We have ambitions and the means to carry them out.
You'll see, once all hell breaks out, and your English support starts to fade away.
The Order is an international organization. It matters little what governments do...
Otherwise why would Mortimer have gone to the trouble of inviting my mother?
mmh? If you are right, Sir Gregory has got it all wrong...
The United States will become the greatest democratic state in the world!
