Ah, Louis. I've been expecting you. Thank you for joining us.
We are about to begin our conference.
Let me explain what is at stake.
Thank you kindly. But what do you expect of me exactly?
My mother's the one who was supposed to attend. Not me.
That is indeed what was initially intended.
Unfortunately, she still hasn't been found and my guests can't stay here indefinitely.
The conference must begin and it would be truly beneficial to the Order to join in the project. Consequently, I would like you to replace her during her absence.
What is at stake here is of the utmost importance.
It's important that the French Order gets their say.
And should you need any advice, don't worry, you are not alone, Louis.
Very well.
What is this conference about?
Can you give me a brief explanation of the aim of it all?
Of course, Louis. I was coming to that.
The aim of these meetings is to bring together the most influential people, in order to think together about the future.
But the future of who?
Of the world, Louis.
Our desire is to steer the destiny of our respective countries for the good of all and to no longer suffer the random hazards of History.
How does a conference work?
In concrete terms, how do you organize your discussions?
A conference is always organized the same way. There are two Masters of Ceremony who determine an important subject.
You and Sir Gregory, I presume.
Exactly.
We shall be the Masters of Ceremony.
It was our obligation to each bring to the table several guests, in order to debate a subject.
Once the debate is closed, a decision will be made by a vote of all the participants.
By a unanimous vote.
If the project is not agreed on by all, then it will be rejected.
And neither of the two masters of ceremony have the right to vote.
It's up to the guests alone to decide, Louis.
In other words, us.
Gregory and myself are merely the go-betweens.
Finally, if the project is validated, each guest goes home and starts working to make it happen.
It can take years.
More questions
Have you been operating for long?
How long have you been active?
Oh, this tradition has more or less always existed, Louis. It has continued from generation to generation.
Do you meet often?
Do you often hold this kind of society dinner ?
In general, once a year, but in actual fact it tends to be events that dictate our gatherings.
What major decisions have you already orchestrated?
Can you give me an example of an event that was decided here before being implemented in the outside world?
Well, take the French Revolution. It was decided right here two years before its implementation in France.
Concerning the case of the French Revolution, I wasn't invited, but as far as the American Revolution is concerned, Louis, I can testify that we planned it five years before implementing it, for example.
Go back
I have no more questions.
I have no more questions.
Louis, let me keep you a moment.
I would like to let you in on a secret before we begin, because I'm going to need your assistance.
You see, the project I'm going to present concerns the territory of Louisiana in North America.
It's currently Spanish territory, and I'm going to make the proposition to the assembly for it to become French.
What's that got to do with me?
But how does that concern me?
Well, you see, I prepared this project with your mother.
We began thinking about a crazy idea. Unfortunately, Sarah went missing before getting the bigger picture. I don't intend to stop at Louisiana.
Continue..
My idea is to increase the territory of the United States.
The first stone of this vast project consists of getting Spain to cede Louisiana to France.
Once it becomes French, France will hand it over to the United States, which will then allow them to double the size of their territory.
And that's where you come in.
France and the United States, hand in hand. Two democracies illuminating the world.
Where does his project extend?
Lord Mortimer, I'm sure you are aware that Louisiana is hardly prime quality land. I wouldn't be exaggerating to call it marshland.
How is acquiring land they won't know what to do with going to strengthen the United States?
Think further, Louis.
The United States won't stop there.
Once they've acquired Louisiana, nothing will stop them. All they would have to do then is keep pushing toward the west to take the whole North American continent.
So you intend to get rid of the Spanish.
They are purely transitory.
This is the settlers' home. It is natural for them to want to develop their Nation to become one of the greatest powers of this world.
As for the Spanish, there are just a handful of them actually on site and if need be, we'll see to it that they are sufficiently occupied in Europe so that their focus is not on the North American continent.
Moreover, Spain really only cares about its colonies in South America. It's hardly my fault if they are not capable of seeing the potential in the North American territories.
How far does his project go?
But why spread it over two phases?
Why not announce the overall project immediately?
Unfortunately, if Spain were to hear that the intention of all this is to allow the United States to grow, they would never sign.
Manuel Godoy is perfectly aware of President Washington's appetite. If the United States took Louisiana, Godoy would know full well that he will have lost the entire North American continent.
Things must take place in several stages, otherwise the change will be too brutal and he will have no choice but to reject the project.
I still don't see what I've got to do with it.
I understand, but what do you expect of me?
I want the Order's support.
I'm going to need allies to carry forth my project. In France as well as in all the countries where the Order operates.
Continue
The concept of royalty is from bygone times. It is time to lead the way to Democracy.
Take a look at them.
Apart from President Washington, they all belong to monarchies.
Do you really think they won't resist?
Of course they'll fight. Fearful as they are of losing their precious privileges.
But the world needs visionaries. Like you, like your mother.
It's a pity Sarah isn't here to see it. She only knew about a tiny part of the project.
I hope I can count on you, Louis.
It's time to start now, I must ask you to keep it to yourself for the time being.
Take a seat, follow the discussions, we'll have an opportunity to catch up later and you'll be able to let me know your thoughts.
Blast it, Mother, you didn't know about everything. His project is commendable. Why tell me to beware? Could you have gotten it wrong?
My friends, I propose we get started.
First of all, I would like to thank you for taking the time to come.
The honor is ours, my Lord.
As per our custom, here we are all together to discuss the face of tomorrow's world.
