The question is less about what you would gain, Mr President, and more about what you would keep.
After this, you could be in danger of losing everything. Your political career for example.
Don't risk it all on such a wild wager.
Louis, this type of argument is just not going to motivate me to change sides.
I've spent my whole life taking action when everyone was telling me to remain conservative. My choices will not be governed by fear.
You would be able to win colonies
What would you say to winning a few colonies?
I am sure that Sir Gregory would be prepared to discuss the acquisition of new territories.
No thanks, Louis, I'm not interested.
Colonies bring with them their own thorny problems and thus I prefer to focus on the consolidation of American territory.
A small fortune
Don't worry about that, Mr President.
Needless to say, Sir Gregory will be very generous.
I beg your pardon, Louis?
Are you talking about money?...
Do you really believe that money could possibly motivate me to follow you? Is that the image you have of me?
Don't take it the wrong way. You must...
Please be so gracious as to not tell me how I should receive your clumsy bribe, Louis.
No, money does not motivate me at all.
If that is all you have to offer, then I believe we are finished here.
It is in the best interest of the American people
You are a man of conviction, Mr President.  You would never make a choice that could cost the American people very dearly.
If Mortimer falls, he will bring the United States down with him.
Haven't the American people suffered enough?
I would never do anything that would put my people in danger.
Exactly. Therefore, choose your allies wisely, sir.
I must admit your arguments do make sense, Louis.
Promise him Louisiana too
Mr President, it seems Lord Mortimer would rather see Louisiana become French and not American.
Sir Gregory proposes that Louisiana go to you.
What? You would be prepared to hand it over to me?
It is certainly a possibility.
But for that you must not side with Mortimer at the conference.
I see.
Peace.
By following Sir Gregory, you'll be sure to be on the right side of the bayonets, Mr President.
Sir Gregory is encouraging all his partisans to go to war against Lord Mortimer's supporters.
Do you really want to go to war again?
Certainly not.
I would not allow it.
GOOD OUTCOME - WASH SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR HOLM
Louis, you've convinced me. I congratulate you for your performance because I didn't think it could happen.
I merely exposed the facts to you.
Don't spoil everything with your false modesty, now. You really were very good, and that's that.
In any case, I shall follow you on this one.
This may well arouse Lord Mortimer's wrath, but I must put the United States before anything else.
Have we finished, Louis?
Absolutely, Mr President.
I shan't keep you any longer.
Allow me to take my leave.
Good night, Louis. Get some rest,  tomorrow will be a very big day.
BAD OUTCOME  - WASH SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR MORTIMER
Listen, Louis, if I had any doubts about Lord Mortimer's project, I stand reassured now.
I hope Sir Gregory has more tricks up his sleeve than you do.  Because I regret to inform you that, as far as politics is concerned, you've got a lot to learn.
But you are still young, so don't worry.
On that note, I would like to get some sleep. Please leave me now.
Good night, Mr President.
Louis? Why... what are you doing in my room?
Pretend you heard a burglar
As I walked by your room I noticed the door was open.
I wanted to check no one had gone in.
And? What is the outcome of your investigation, inspector de Richet?
Go ahead, laugh it off.
I didn't see anyone, Mr President.
Splendid, all is safe and sound.
Tell him you got the wrong room
You're going to laugh, but I got the wrong room.
Are you serious, Louis?
I thought you were a better liar than that. If you don't get better soon, you'll get eaten alive.
Flatter him
I wanted to have a word with you. But just between ourselves.
Here the walls have ears.
You are right, caution is the mother of safety.
Be direct!
Mr President, I won't beat around the bush.
I came to persuade you not to follow Lord Mortimer on this one.
I appreciate your forthrightness, Louis.
That will save us some time.
Well... since you are here... Can I get you something to drink?
No thank you, Mr President.
As you wish...
Well, Louis, it's getting late and this is not my first conference so let's get straight to the point.
You are here to motivate me to change sides.
I hope you are not angry at me.
I know that you...
Louis, we are not children.
You have your reasons. You will understand that your word no longer holds any value for me, but these things do happen.
I only hope you know what you are doing.
This is your first conference and not following the master of ceremony who backed you seems somewhat perilous, but you are young, after all.
I've decided not to follow Mortimer.
I noticed.
Every man must make his own choice, what can we say? That's the political game.
And you did not commit to supporting Mortimer, so there's nothing for you to feel bad about.
So? What can I do for you?
Mortimer's plans go against him
Mr President, I don't believe it is necessary for me to motivate you at all. It's simply in your best interest.
I was there at the conference, remember?
To put it bluntly, Mortimer announced a project that offers absolutely no interest for you.
You said so yourself.
My young friend, I must admit that Lord Mortimer did somewhat surprise me earlier.
