But not at all! He didn't even bother to meet me in person!
I imagine that Elizabeth was still here...
Very well...
Rational and open, Louis...
Since you arrived on the island, has anything strange happened to you?
Depends on what you mean by "strange".
Finding my mother with one hand less?
Personally, I think that you being missing for three days and then me finding you underground minus a hand, well, that qualifies as strange, don't you think?
No! My hand is not important for the moment!
If that's the only thing you've found that shocks you, then all is well.
Elizabeth's murder?
Does the savage murder of the secret daughter of president Washington's good friend count as being strange?
What? So Elizabeth is dead?
Stabbed several times.
Don't you think it's time you told me what's happened to you?
I...  no...  not now.
Like finding out about your past with Elizabeth?
Do you want to tell me about your relationship with Elizabeth Adams?
Louis, I don't know what you've found out but just know that I did everything I could to help her!
I believe you.
I'm sure you did, Mother. I'm not judging you.
You know, what she had to put up with was slowly gnawing away at her.
That's unacceptable, Mother.
How can you say that, Mother?
I saw the scars, the tattoos...
You weren't there and you don't know what that child suffered everyday!
The voices in her head?
You mean the voices that she claimed to hear?
Look, this is neither the place nor the time to speak about it!
Having visions?
Like me having visions, for example?
I knew it! It's started...  Oh, Louis, I just wish...
Hell, she's panicking...
Yes, it's happened to me. Like when I was a boy.
I find myself in someone else's body for the space of a dream.
Have you ever dreamed of a different place to the one where you were sleeping?
Without being able to explain it?
No.
But Mother, don't worry. I'm not losing my mind, everything is fine.
You used to give me a concoction to calm me down when I was little. So just make some for me once we get back home.
Migraines? Loss of consciousness? Loss of control?
No, no, rest assured. All is well...
I promise you.
What else?
Mortimer's secret study?
Everything I found in Lord Mortimer's secret study.
You managed to get past the nightmare?...
I'm proud of you, Louis.
But that's not what I meant by strange.
He's nevertheless extending his influence across the world, Mother.
I know, but that's not what concerns me right now!
I asked you if anything strange has happened to you, personally.
GOOD OUTCOME
Now, shut up and listen to me. We might still have a chance.
Something of utmost importance is going to play out right here.
What are you talking about?
A conference, Louis.
I should think all Mortimer's guests have arrived by now, haven't they?
Yes, they have, since this morning.
Perfect.
The conference will be able to begin.
Very soon, I should think.
Indeed, it shouldn't be long and...
Let me finish! We haven't time!
Say nothing
You will attend this conference and you must find out what Mortimer is up to!
Don't trust him, Louis!
Understood?
Does she know about the project?
But... but what's it about?
No matter! I'd wager it's about a vast acquisition of some territory in North America.
This, however, is not the issue.
But don't you think that...
Agree without trying to understand.
Right, I'll do what you ask of me.
But calm down, please, Mother.
Say nothing
Louis, I made a mistake by coming here!
We are in the lion's den.
What?
What do you mean?
Say nothing
Mortimer...  Holm...  their guests. Watch what happens.
Do you think it's normal that the representatives of the most powerful nations are here all on their own without anyone else...
...on an island in the middle of nowhere, in total secrecy?
No, not really but...
Louis...  They shape the world. They manipulate us.
Everything is decided here...  and now.
They create and break states, provoke wars, destitute governments or decide who will be their leaders.
Open your eyes!
What is she talking about?
Mother, calm yourself, please...
Say nothing
Nothing is impossible for them. They are capable of reaching everyone, wherever they may be.
Through high society banquets, they model the future of us all.
A cardinal from the Vatican drinks to the health of the Prussian minister of worship.
Who, as we speak, is exterminating all the Christians in Prussia.
And it isn't at all an issue for them.
And?...  What do you propose?
It's time to act, my son.
