Ah, Louis, you are quick-witted. I like you!
You seem to be overlooking something, messieurs les Français. I also have backers who would be only too pleased to demonstrate the full extent of their fervor by defending the Vatican.
Claim not to know
Honestly, your eminence, I really don't see it that way.
Say nothing
Mi auguro che insegnerete l educazione a questo giovanotto presuntuoso, sir Gregory
Checked
"I hope that you will teach this pretentious young man some manners, Sir Gregory."
It looks like I won't be just making friends here.
In any case, my Lord, I doubt the English crown will agree.
Ich versichere Ihnen, Emily. Nie Preußen wird diese Vereinbarung akzeptieren.
Checked
"I assure you, Emily. The Prussian will never accept this agreement."
Wöllner looks like he's set on ruining Mortimer's plan.
Duchess, I am persuaded that we shall find a common ground.
That's enough William!
These are grave times. We don't care about the fate of Louisiana. That worthless expanse of putrid swamps interests no one but yourself.
Speak for yourself, my friend!
Holn on there, Mr. Royal Gigolo, lower the volume and let Sir Gregory finish!
Checked
Holm, Godoy, and now Wöllner.
Mortimer's adversaries are ready to tear each other to pieces... and he takes a malicious pleasure watching it happen...
How dare you!...
Gentlemen, let us try to remain calm!
There you are, William!
See where your projects have taken us, as per usual! Chaos!
That's enough, I'm tired! We shall continue this discussion tomorrow but please be aware that your project will never be ratified!
Those who are opposed to this project, follow me!
Are you coming with us, Monsieur de Richet?
Come, Gregory, I think Louis would rather stay.
Wouldn't you, Louis?
Stay to assist Mortimer
As for me, I think I shall remain with Lord Mortimer, Sir Gregory.
You are committing a grave error, Louis.
Time will tell.
Leave to assist Holm
At the risk of displeasing you, my Lord, I'd rather follow Sir Gregory.
I don't think this is a place for the Order.
Louis? No...
Let him go, Mr President.
Everyone is free to choose.
Please go and see Lord Mortimer, so that we may finally begin!
Good evening, gentlemen,
Are we ready? The much-awaited conference is about to begin?
That is what we have all been waiting for.
I believe that Lord Mortimer wishes to speak to you before it begins.
You should go and see him.
Make haste, de Richet. Mortimer's waiting for you.
I don't know if you ever found what you were looking for in the garden, but Mortimer is waiting for you.
I suggest you get a move on.
You say it as if you were afraid of him.
What's going on between them two?
I sense that you have things you'd like to say but something's holding you back.
What is going on between you two?
Nothing...
Absolutely nothing.
I believed in him. I followed him to the best of my ability. I championed his ideas, defended his decisions. And then, without even realizing it, I became lost.
The siren's song, Monsieur de Richet!
You wake up one morning, not knowing where you are, and you think about everything you've done, for a man who wasn't even worth it.
For a man who has no respect for you. Who uses you, and who drops you as soon as he no longer needs you.
For me, it's too late now. But you, you still have a choice.
Don't respond to his call, sir.
What is he so afraid of?
What frightens you so much about him?
Hurry up, he's waiting for you.
Leave
My son, glad you're here. It seems Lord Mortimer's been waiting for you to arrive before beginning.
What a pity your mother isn't here for the conference.
I hope I'll be able to see her before I leave. I still have a very important letter to give to her.
Feeling alright, Louis?
You look like you're miles away.
Everything's fine, don't worry.
Lord Mortimer wants to talk to you, Louis. Don't make him wait.
My friends, the conference is about to begin.
Please excuse me if I troubled you last night with my project.
I understand that you might well have a few questions to ask.
As you know, the final vote will be cast in a few days. This morning's aim is to answer your questions and check the temperature of your respective positions, so that we may reach a greater understanding.
As always, Lord Mortimer.
We parted in perfect disagreement, my Lord.
Where would you like us to take it from?
Come, sir, please let William believe he still has a chance of winning us over.  Otherwise his imprecations will lack panache and we shall be bored stiff.
Oh, let me reassure you, I am convinced that a good night's sleep has brought sound advice, and that this morning will be even more interesting.
Therefore, I would like to go round the table in order to hear everyone's first impressions.
Well, I am still firmly AGAINST it. Even though my choice won't count.
AGAINST
AGAINST
AGAINST
And you, Duke Manuel?
AGAINST, of course!
Well, you see... it is more complicated than... it...er...
Godoy!
Come, Gregory, don't try to impress my guests, please.
They are not YOUR guests!
Gregory!
Anyone under my roof is, by definition, MY guest.
You included.
I would be very grateful if you would let MY guests speak. Duke Manuel, you were saying you still had some doubts?
Well, you see, the situation has changed since last night.
What's going on here, my Lord Duke?
You see, I gave it some thought during the night. New arguments have come to light.
