Look how smug he was when he addressed you during the conference.
The country closest to his heart is and always will be France. For him the United States is merely a stooge nation in the service of the French.
Louis, your youth might excuse your impetuosity, but not your stupidity.
Without Mortimer, the United Sates wouldn't have made it this far and against all the odds, we are now a nation which everyone wants to rally around.
Whether you understand it or not, it is set to strive ahead.
Speak about Mortimer's plan
President Washington, I regret that my situation is contrary to yours, especially as I really do respect you.
Me too, Louis.
Let us not mix business and emotion.
Understood.
I've just come from a meeting with Sir Gregory and his supporters. They are all rallying against Mortimer's project.
That is to be expected.
Great Britain, the Kingdom of Spain and Sicily, the Kingdom of Prussia , the Holy Empire, the Kingdom of Portugal, of Bohemia and of Hungary.
I know, Louis. I know...
The coalition against France also gives me cause for concern.
I'm certainly not saying that, on paper, Mortimer's plan seems very viable.
Lie
Mr President, Lord Mortimer treats you purely and simply like the least of his pawns. He gives you no explanation and then commits you to a project from which you have nothing to gain.
But you know that more than I do.
Is that what siding with Mortimer is all about?
I must confess that I don't entirely understand William lately.
Your side is going to lose
Look at a map of the world, Mr President.
You have no chance. Your only ally in Mortimer's plan is France and look at the noose tightening around it. All of Europe is rising against it right now.
France has no chance.
That's where you're wrong, Louis.
I expect no direct support from France. That is not their role.
What do you mean?
You ought to have come with us, Louis, I would have been pleased to explain everything to you.
But... I...
I know, it's beyond you.
I do not expect any direct support from France. It is not their role.
Anyway, you haven't really said what you wanted to say.
Tell me, Louis, what have you come here to sell me?
You should join Holm!
And why would I do that?
Let's shake his faith in Mortimer
This type of meeting might be familiar to you but for me, I must admit, Mr President, it's all a bit over my head.
It's only natural, Louis.
But you are managing rather well for a first-timer.
You've chosen the wrong allies, that's all.
I hope my mother doesn't hold it against me if I've made a mistake.
Anyway, if Lord Mortimer does succeed, it would be no mean feat.
Did he tell you what he would gain from it?
What do you mean?
Well, Mortimer's plan has been meticulously prepared for many years, I imagine.
Of that you can be sure.
It's only natural.
And his plan leaves nothing to chance.
No... that's what...
He never commits his own fortune. Let alone his reputation, since you're the one who takes center stage here.
In fact...
Whether he wins or loses, everything is arranged so that he comes out of it intact.
Yes... I...
Ah, you've got to hand it to him, though, he's a master at putting together a plan which puts himself at no risk.
That's true.
Don't worry... he... you can trust him.
Of course.
I'll bet he has invested in a river transport company on the Mississippi, or somewhere like that.
It's true, I had never thought about what he might have to gain.
Out of duty to my mother
You owe it to my mother.
She helped you in your early days, she supported you when you needed it.
I am certain she'd be against this plan.
Do you know who introduced me to Sarah all those years ago?
Lord Mortimer!
Do you know who advised Sarah to start up a chapter of the Golden Order with me in the United States?
Lord Mortimer?
You see my point, then?
I have a lot of respect for your mother, Louis, but my allegiance is to Lord Mortimer.
Blackmail him over the laudanum!
I regret to have to resort to such extreme measures but if you really care about your career, Mr President, I must ask you to follow me.
I beg your pardon, Louis?
Do I detect a threat in your voice, my boy?
You are addicted to Laudanum. We both know that this is a powerful opiate that you take on a daily basis to excess.
If you don't want it to be disclosed publicly, I entreat you to change sides, Mr President.
Louis, I was wrong about you, you learn even quicker than I thought.
Unfortunately, the fact that you are here trying to blackmail me, only makes me cringe even more.
You are now walking a dangerous path, young man.
I would never give in to this sort of tactic.
Do you have any persuasive arguments?
You owe me one!
Well, when you came looking to me for help, I gave it to you.
Now I'm the one asking you for help.
I need you, Mr President.
Louis, I understand what you mean but, even so, the favour you did is not comparable to what you are now asking me to do.
I only asked you to look after a young lady for ten minutes or so.
You're asking me to commit the future of my country.
I know, but I'm not asking without reason, nor to a man without honor !
You are blunt Louis, But I do acknowledge that I owe you a favor.
Because you are already allied to Emily against France.
Yet, hearing you speak, anyone would think that your closest ally is France.
Louis, I don't know...
Of course, you intend to restore and foster an exchange with England.
We both know what that means. It would weaken France's impact on American soil.
From there to relinquishing your agreements with France, is just one simple step.
You've scored a point, Louis.
Go on, I'm listening.
Tell me what Sir Gregory has to offer that I don't already have with Lord Mortimer.
Keep what you already have.
