So, you don't trust me then.
I love the way you don't really reply, in order to avoid getting involved.
No, but make her believe so
Of course, Emily. You know you have my full trust.
Louis, you're lying, that's not good.
Anymore of that and I might get upset.
Admit, though, that it does make you think.
There's still time, you know.
Join us before it's too late.
Change sides
I admit... you've sown the seed of doubt.
But I don't know how Lord Mortimer is gonna take my last-minute change of mind....
Don't worry yourself about that, really! It's only discussions and verbal jousting...
No one's going to die, whatever happens... And Sir Gregory will be there to support you.
Very well! You can count on me to join your side, then.
But don't tell anyone until the vote...
Promise.
We'll make a good team, you'll see.
Stay for Mortimer.
Unfortunately, my word is my bond.
I don't want to leave Lord Mortimer in the lurch.
Very well, as you wish.
It's up to you to decide.
Tell me, are these visits to Mortimer's always so intense?
Yes and no...
My sister doesn't normally disappear like she has.
Any news of your mother?
Speak about Emma
Well, I should imagine you're still shaken...
I promise to shed light on my mother's circumstances as soon as possible.
There's not much to shed light on! What your mother did is inexcusable!
She won the trust of my sister in order to more easily betray her.
She didn't do anything to her! I...
Speak to her about Emma
Still nothing.
And you, any news of your sister?
No... but knowing her, I'm persuaded she's on someone's trail.
You'll see, she'll surprise us all!
If only you knew, Emily...
You're right! We must remain positive. I'm sure it won't be long before she turns up.
My thoughts, too.
She is Duchess Hillsborrow, after all!
And as such, she is capable of anything.
I am sure that you'll appreciate her, you'll see.
No doubt about that.
And it might turn out that you prefer her to me. Who knows?
Maybe so
Indeed, who knows!
You like to play with fire, Louis.
Not really
Rest assured, I don't think it's going to happen.
I'm sure she's very nice but there is only one Emily Hillsborrow.
We shall see...
Tell her Sarah's been seen
I've seen her, Emily.
What?? When was that?
A little earlier, just before the conference.
She was hiding.
And did you manage to speak to her?
She's not the same. I don't know what's been happening to her but she's changed.
I found her in a deplorable state, with... with one of her hands cut off. She was saying crazy things, bordering on delirium.
What?? Did you say one of her hands was cut off?
What happened to her?
I don't know, she... she wouldn't say.
And did she tell you why she...
...why...
Why she shot Emma?
No, unfortunately we were unable to broach the subject.
She seemed terribly upset, Emily. There's something strange going on here.
She was fearful of something or someone.
Excuse me, Louis, but until we see proof of the contrary, she's the one who is sowing death everywhere she goes.
We are the ones who ought to be fearful.
I know... I know.
No, I apologize for that remark.
Who do you think she's hiding from? Mortimer?
I don't know. Maybe.
Louis, I don't want to pile it on, but I would understand her feelings there. You ought to be wary of Mortimer!
He's a manipulator, a liar, a coward who doesn't assume his responsibilities at all!
What exactly happened between you two, Emily?
You're so radically against him.
But how do you know she shot Emma? I didn't tell you.
You knew it...
...and you never said anything.
Well, Louis, keeping your little secrets to yourself?
That's not nice.
I was afraid for you...
No need to justify yourself, you know, we both have our secrets.
No
Still nothing, no.
Very well...
Lie to her
I haven't had a minute to myself what with the disappearance of Elizabeth and then the conference...
Yes, I hope to continue my investigation tomorrow.
Do you have any leads?
No, not really. That's the problem.
Too bad...
Can we change subject, please?
I didn't come here to talk about that again.
Of course, it's late, you're right.
Come, Louis.
