The Order is everywhere. We come from France, we are present in the United States, England, and many other countries.
We have ambitions and the means to carry them out.
You'll see, once all hell breaks out, and your English support starts to fade away.
The Order is an international organization. It matters little what governments do...
Otherwise why would Mortimer have gone to the trouble of inviting my mother?
mmh? If you are right, Sir Gregory has got it all wrong...
The United States will become the greatest democratic state in the world!
But, monsieur, just think about it...
It will enable the United States to become a giant democratic state.
What a message for the rest of the world!
We will shove your damned democracy down your throat, de Richet!
I will raise the whole of Europe against you!
Tell me, do you really believe Spain has any interest in ceding Louisiana to France?
What would HE gain from doing do?
Duke Manuel, for Spain, I don't know. But for you, I am convinced that Lord Mortimer will thank you generously.
Oh, you would not be trying to bribe me, would you?
Nothing could be further from my mind.
It would be an insult to believe that someone such as yourself, might have a practical attitude towards his virtue.
Even so, it is only natural that you be supported and encouraged, if you were to follow Lord Mortimer.
Isn't it?
Indeed, for services rendered, it would be natural for me to receive compensation for the time spent achieving such an undertaking, yes?
Naturally.
And given your status, my Lord Duke, the compensation would have to be considerable.
Naturally.
Fight against England together
My Lord Duke, you know as well as I do that our common enemy is and will always be England
I don't believe you would look favorably at its embargo on France. Its ships cross the Atlantic ocean right up to your coastline.
Do not even mention it!
If those tea drinkers try anything in these waters, I will send the whole of the Spanish fleet to calm them down.
Spain could get a good price for the territory
I am convinced that Spain could get a very very tidy price for the territory.
Were you sleeping during the conference?
Did you not hear Lord Mortimer ask me to cede it free of charge?
Yes but you...
No, you listen, young man, do us a favor and stop poking your nose into grown-ups' business.
You are wasting my time!
Off the top of my head, I don't see...
I won't lie to you, sir. I don't think I've seen all the advantages.
But surely that's because we haven't truly considered all the consequences.
Can you hear yourself speak?
Reassure me...  the aim of this meeting is not to convince me to follow Mortimer, I hope!
Louisiana poses more problems than it brings rewards
First of all, the question is to know what Louisiana can be used for.
We agree that, today, all it brings you is death.
Everyday, a few more Spaniards die, far from their birthplace...
I cannot deny that Louisiana is a veritable quagmire.
You have a point there.
Tell me one last thing...
What would I gain from all this?
To be free from Holm
You unshackle yourself from Sir Gregory, who, let's face it, takes up a lot of space.
What are you talking about?
My friend, I'm guessing that you wouldn't mind getting a little freedom from the overbearing control he exerts.
I would never have gotten where I am today without him!
He is an influential man, who is true to his word and who has always given me his full attention.
But he obliges you to...
That's enough! I will not allow you to stab him in the back! Sir Gregory is a respectable gentleman and your petty manipulations have no effect on me!
If that's your only argument then you are on the wrong track!
Blackmail him!
Duke Manuel, you have everything to gain...
I cannot see what, actually.
Well, if the Queen found out where your heart really lies, she might well become very unhappy.
What do you mean?...
It's not inconceivable that a letter written by your own hand might have come into my possession...
In which you declare such love to "Pepita" that even I became moved.
You've been in my room...
And I am afraid that if by some misfortune this letter ended up in the hands of the Queen, she also would be... moved...
You thieving...
Come now, my Lord Duke.
We are all gentlemen here. I am convinced it is not going to happen.
Or will it?
That is blackmail...  You bastard!
You have no idea of the consequences!!
Lord Mortimer knows how to look after his friends. Don't you worry about Sir Gregory.
You are protected, have no fear.
Mortimer will be grateful to you
I am sure that Lord Mortimer will be very appreciative. He's always supported those who have given him help.
And you know well that he has every means to do so.
That at least is true.
[Force him to war] Push him to breaking pint.
Now listen up, you pretentious little aristocrat, you haven't got a choice here!
If you don't want me to spread the word of your passionate affair with Pepita, you'd better do as I say...
Is that clear?
I think you have just made a very big mistake, Monsieur de Richet.
You have no idea of the mess you've put yourself in.
Is it war you want?
Alright, you'll soon see!
Speak to him about what he won't lose rather
If you continue with Holm, our two countries will become rivals.
It could turn to war, who knows.
It's likely even.
A war...  Duke Manuel. On our own territories.
Do you really see yourself committing the Kingdom of Spain to an armed conflict against France?
Can you imagine the financial investment required, not to mention the loss of lives and dishonor at the slightest defeat?
Do you see yourself being the man responsible for that?
... No.
But you are the one who's pushing me into it, you damned Frenchman!
I'm not pushing you into anything, Duke Manuel.
If you are a man of the future and of progress, as I'm given to believe, you will know how much suffering a war would bring.
Consolidate your position at the court of Spain.
