Mother, I really am your son. You can't trick me!
We were in Paris, we were investigating an art dealer.
His name?
Von Bolchet
His name was... von... von Bolchet!
Louis would never have got it wrong, dirtbag!
Von Botcher
His name was von... Botcher.
You just made your first mistake, scumbag!
Von Morchert
His name was von... von Morchert.
Wrong!
Von Bolcher
I think he was called von Bolcher.
You think so?... Wrong.
Louis would never have gotten it wrong.
Von Borchert
I just told you, you can't trick me.
His name was von Borchert.
No no, wait, it's... it's just a detail... he...
He lived in Paris, near the Note-Dame Cathedral. We investigated him for three months.
He made a fortune by taking advantage of gullible collectors of Parisian high society.
You're a good actor...
He was an ancient art dealer.
He had the BOOK!! AL Azif!!
And that's what you wanted to get out of me, wasn't it?...
Not at all!
We unmasked him but then he came after us.
We escaped but you didn't want me to intervene.
That's how I got this scar.
I listened to you and we knocked him out.
What...  how?... You can't know about that...
L... Louis, No... I... Is it... Is it really you?...
My God, everything is lost then...
I refuse to believe it's really you, Louis.
Otherwise...  all this would be for nothing.
Mother, I... I don't know what happened to you, but don't worry, everything's going to be fine.
I'm here for you and...
No!... I ordered you not to come with me!
I received a letter and...
Lord Mortimer informed me of your disappearance.
So I took the...
No, no, NO!
... it's not true, it's a nightmare...  don't tell me that...
Have you spoken to him?
Oh shit...  she's completely panicked because I spoke to Mortimer.
It seems she's afraid of what he might have said to me about her...
DID HE SPEAK TO YOU?
Of course.
Naturally. Even though I had to wait three days for him to see me, we met only this morning.
You've been here for the past three days?...
Yes, why?
Is she afraid of what he might have said about Adams?
Mother, I don't know what you're imaging.
But don't worry, everything will be alright.
If you're worried about what I might think about Elizabeth Adams, honestly...
Oh Louis, Elizabeth is the last of my worries right now!
I did what I could for her but it was too late.
He wasn't here when I arrived.
Don't believe it! I... I thought I'd meet him the moment I arrived, given the situation.
But not at all! He didn't even bother to meet me in person!
I imagine that Elizabeth was still here...
Very well...
Rational and open, Louis...
Since you arrived on the island, has anything strange happened to you?
Depends on what you mean by "strange".
Finding my mother with one hand less?
Personally, I think that you being missing for three days and then me finding you underground minus a hand, well, that qualifies as strange, don't you think?
No! My hand is not important for the moment!
If that's the only thing you've found that shocks you, then all is well.
Elizabeth's murder?
Does the savage murder of the secret daughter of president Washington's good friend count as being strange?
What? So Elizabeth is dead?
Stabbed several times.
Don't you think it's time you told me what's happened to you?
I...  no...  not now.
Like finding out about your past with Elizabeth?
Do you want to tell me about your relationship with Elizabeth Adams?
Louis, I don't know what you've found out but just know that I did everything I could to help her!
I believe you.
I'm sure you did, Mother. I'm not judging you.
You know, what she had to put up with was slowly gnawing away at her.
That's unacceptable, Mother.
How can you say that, Mother?
I saw the scars, the tattoos...
You weren't there and you don't know what that child suffered everyday!
The voices in her head?
You mean the voices that she claimed to hear?
Look, this is neither the place nor the time to speak about it!
Having visions?
Like me having visions, for example?
I knew it! It's started...  Oh, Louis, I just wish...
Hell, she's panicking...
Yes, it's happened to me. Like when I was a boy.
I find myself in someone else's body for the space of a dream.
Have you ever dreamed of a different place to the one where you were sleeping?
Without being able to explain it?
No.
But Mother, don't worry. I'm not losing my mind, everything is fine.
You used to give me a concoction to calm me down when I was little. So just make some for me once we get back home.
