No, unfortunately we were unable to broach the subject.
She seemed terribly upset, Emily. There's something strange going on here.
She was fearful of something or someone.
Excuse me, Louis, but until we see proof of the contrary, she's the one who is sowing death everywhere she goes.
We are the ones who ought to be fearful.
I know... I know.
No, I apologize for that remark.
Who do you think she's hiding from? Mortimer?
I don't know. Maybe.
Louis, I don't want to pile it on, but I would understand her feelings there. You ought to be wary of Mortimer!
He's a manipulator, a liar, a coward who doesn't assume his responsibilities at all!
What exactly happened between you two, Emily?
You're so radically against him.
But how do you know she shot Emma? I didn't tell you.
You knew it...
...and you never said anything.
Well, Louis, keeping your little secrets to yourself?
That's not nice.
I was afraid for you...
No need to justify yourself, you know, we both have our secrets.
No
Still nothing, no.
Very well...
Lie to her
I haven't had a minute to myself what with the disappearance of Elizabeth and then the conference...
Yes, I hope to continue my investigation tomorrow.
Do you have any leads?
No, not really. That's the problem.
Too bad...
Can we change subject, please?
I didn't come here to talk about that again.
Of course, it's late, you're right.
Come, Louis.
Send her away
Now, don't take this the wrong way, Emily, but I have to turn this proposition down, as tempting as it is.
It's late, it's going to be a big day tomorrow.
We'd better get some rest in our rooms.
Very well, I understand...
Good night, Emily... sleep tight.
Thank you... same to you.
Good evening, Monsieur le français...
Duchess...
You here, what a charming surprise...
I'm beginning to think you can't be without me.
You have managed to penetrate my armor, sir.
Am I disturbing you, perhaps?
Not at all, Emily
That's not what I said.
Go to bed, Louis, this is not the right time
Emily, if you don't mind, I've had an exhausting day. I can hardly stand.
Are you sending me away?
No! No, not at all, but I was thinking of going to bed to be honest.
Would there perhaps be a little space for me in your large and cold bed?
Invite her to say
Of course, Emily.
I can always make room for you.
Ah, by the way, congratulations on choosing Sir Gregory this evening.
You surprised me, I wasn't expecting it.
Why Emily, can't you read me like an open book?
Not as well as you read me, it would seem.
I'll teach you, if you'd like...
There's nothing I'd like more...
Ah, by the way, you surprised me during the conference.
Why is that?
Well... you are going to lose.
Why stay with Lord Mortimer?
I believe he has every chance of winning.
My, you are a rash one.
However, if ever you want to change sides, please feel free to let me know.
But tell me... you didn't come here to try and make me change my mind, did you?
That's the last thing on my mind, although you would have everything to gain by it.
I prefer Mortimer
There's no point trying to persuade me...
Don't hold it against me.
Of course not, silly.
Why would I change sides?
Do you perhaps know something that I don't?
Come on Emily, it's time you lay your cards on the table...
She knows something about Louisiana
If you have a good reason for Spain to keep Louisiana, I'm all ears...
Louis, I can assure you on good authority that the crown will never let France take over Louisiana without taking firm action.
Your country has everything to lose... especially now, it being weakened as it is on the home front.
In other words, you believe the aim is to weaken France...
Just an observation, Louis.
She knows something about Mortimer
If you know something I don't about Lord Mortimer, now's the time...
I don't want to speak ill of him but in certain circles, you can't exactly say he has a good reputation.
Continue...
Well, there have been instances where he has used people, then gotten rid of them once he no longer seemed to need them, Louis.
He makes fine promises, makes you feel valuable, tests you...
But beware. I'm worried that something might happen to you.
Are you advising me to change sides as a precaution?
I'd rather say: as a safety measure.
Louis, if you trust me, you ought to ask yourself why I have chosen Holm.
You do trust me, don't you?
Yes
Of course, Emily.
No
It's got nothing to do with trust.
Oh... Oh.
