I understand but with friends like you, sir, I certainly don't need any more enemies.
I hope you know what you're doing...
Checked
Am I imagining things or does it look like Washington isn't aware of Mortimer's plan?
Not to put too fine a point on it, Lord Mortimer, but I doubt the Holy See would be in favor of catholic Louisiana being handed over to secular revolutionaries and king killers.
I should think Monsieur de Richet has an opinion on the subject, has he not?
France will protect the Christians.
Your Eminence, have no fear over that. I am sure France will do everything in its power to protect the Christians of Louisiana.
My young friend, how can you come out with such a remark after the discussion we had on the evening of your arrival?
If France was so respectful of worship, it would not be bleeding priests as it is doing at this very moment in time.
Don't be naive. This is politics. The Holy See must be concerned at seeing such a large territory falling into the hands of the French.
France does not need to seek the Pope's opinion.
If France took the Papal States, their opinion over the sale of Louisiana would be definitively resolved.
Good Lord... you are talking of an invasion of Italy.
Don't take it the wrong way, your Eminence, colonization brings with it many benefits, you'll see.
Very funny, Monsieur de Richet.
Think of Mortimer's maps of the world.
On the maps of Italy I saw in Mortimer's secret study, he had anticipated movements of troops across Italy.
I wouldn't be surprised if he is planning an invasion of Italy by France. And if I push the notion a bit further, I can well imagine that Bonaparte's cannons financed by the Order will be used for that purpose.
The noose is tightening around poor Piaggi's neck without him even realizing it...
I don't know if I'm the best person to speak about that, your Eminence.
Italy could be invaded
Well, I think that the French army will enter Italy, and that the Vatican will do whatever France demands of it, if the Vatican wants to retain its place.
You are joking, I hope!
Lord Mortimer, I did not come here to listen to such nonsense!
What makes you think that, Monsieur de Richet?
Well, monsieur Bonaparte, here present, has ordered a large number of cannons and I wouldn't be surprised if they were to be used to keep Italy under control.
Come, sir, what a strange idea!
I have enough on my plate with issues in Corsica.
But Corsica is not where the cannons are to be delivered. Is it?
Ah, Louis, you are quick-witted. I like you!
You seem to be overlooking something, messieurs les Français. I also have backers who would be only too pleased to demonstrate the full extent of their fervor by defending the Vatican.
Claim not to know
Honestly, your eminence, I really don't see it that way.
Say nothing
Mi auguro che insegnerete l educazione a questo giovanotto presuntuoso, sir Gregory
Checked
"I hope that you will teach this pretentious young man some manners, Sir Gregory."
It looks like I won't be just making friends here.
In any case, my Lord, I doubt the English crown will agree.
Ich versichere Ihnen, Emily. Nie Preußen wird diese Vereinbarung akzeptieren.
Checked
"I assure you, Emily. The Prussian will never accept this agreement."
Wöllner looks like he's set on ruining Mortimer's plan.
Duchess, I am persuaded that we shall find a common ground.
That's enough William!
These are grave times. We don't care about the fate of Louisiana. That worthless expanse of putrid swamps interests no one but yourself.
Speak for yourself, my friend!
Hold on there, Mr. Royal Gigolo, lower the volume and let Sir Gregory finish!
Checked
Holm, Godoy, and now Wöllner.
Mortimer's adversaries are ready to tear each other to pieces... and he takes a malicious pleasure watching it happen...
How dare you!...
Gentlemen, let us try to remain calm!
There you are, William!
See where your projects have taken us, as per usual! Chaos!
That's enough, I'm tired! We shall continue this discussion tomorrow but please be aware that your project will never be ratified!
Those who are opposed to this project, follow me!
Are you coming with us, Monsieur de Richet?
Come, Gregory, I think Louis would rather stay.
Wouldn't you, Louis?
Stay to assist Mortimer
As for me, I think I shall remain with Lord Mortimer, Sir Gregory.
You are committing a grave error, Louis.
Time will tell.
Leave to assist Holm
At the risk of displeasing you, my Lord, I'd rather follow Sir Gregory.
I don't think this is a place for the Order.
Louis? No...
Let him go, Mr President.
Everyone is free to choose.
Ah, Louis. I've been expecting you. Thank you for joining us.
We are about to begin our conference.
Let me explain what is at stake.
Thank you kindly. But what do you expect of me exactly?
My mother's the one who was supposed to attend. Not me.
That is indeed what was initially intended.
Unfortunately, she still hasn't been found and my guests can't stay here indefinitely.
The conference must begin and it would be truly beneficial to the Order to join in the project. Consequently, I would like you to replace her during her absence.
What is at stake here is of the utmost importance.
It's important that the French Order gets their say.
And should you need any advice, don't worry, you are not alone, Louis.
Very well.
What is this conference about?
Can you give me a brief explanation of the aim of it all?
Of course, Louis. I was coming to that.
The aim of these meetings is to bring together the most influential people, in order to think together about the future.
But the future of who?
Of the world, Louis.
Our desire is to steer the destiny of our respective countries for the good of all and to no longer suffer the random hazards of History.
How does a conference work?
In concrete terms, how do you organize your discussions?
A conference is always organized the same way. There are two Masters of Ceremony who determine an important subject.
You and Sir Gregory, I presume.
Exactly.
We shall be the Masters of Ceremony.
It was our obligation to each bring to the table several guests, in order to debate a subject.
Once the debate is closed, a decision will be made by a vote of all the participants.
By a unanimous vote.
If the project is not agreed on by all, then it will be rejected.
