Send her away
Now, don't take this the wrong way, Emily, but I have to turn this proposition down, as tempting as it is.
It's late, it's going to be a big day tomorrow.
We'd better get some rest in our rooms.
Very well, I understand...
Good night, Emily... sleep tight.
Thank you... same to you.
How can he be so blind?
If he keeps this up, he'll lead our countries to their destruction!
Don't worry, we shall counter him, Sir Gregory.
We have to act immediately!
Calm down, Gregory, we only have to vote against his project and that's it.
They haven't got a chance, just one vote will suffice.
True... There is no chance of a unanimous vote.
He must be preparing something else... What is he plotting?
Reveal Mortimer's plan
I know about his plan.
What did you just say, Louis?
His aim is for the United States to take the whole of the North American continent.
But that is impossible!
A democratic super power...
I don't understand. That has nothing to do with the coming vote.
He will ask for France to take over Louisiana and then hand it over to the United States, and so double the size of their territory.
Once that's done, he will just need to push a bit more and you will lose North America, Duke Manuel.
God's blood, has he gone mad?
No, Johann, he has always been mad...
...
Louis, I would like to thank you for what you've just revealed.
If not for you, I don't know if we'd have been capable of deciphering his plans quickly enough to be able to counter him.
What are we going to do now that we know about it?
Destroy him!
No! We'll beat him at his own game, my friends.
Say nothing
We shall shortly find out so let's take the lead!
What do you mean by that?
His plan begins with Louisiana, which is still yours, Duke Manuel. He will begin with you.
Expect to receive an envoy, French most probably.
He will try to convince you by every possible means.
Whatever he says, whatever he promises, you have just one response:
It's war!
If war is what you want, war is what you get! And on your own territory! In your homes!
Enough games. Spain will join the coalition against France and declare war.
You too, Duchess Hillsborrow. You will speak to the Queen so that Great Britain commits to going to war with France!
What do you expect from the Papal States, Sir Gregory?
What do you think? That they hold a mass?!
They will go to war, of course! What is it that you didn't understand in what I just told you?
We all declare war on France! Militarily, politically, and financially!
And me?...
How can I help?
Louis, you have won my trust.
The Order will have to act in France, but even before that I'm going to need you.
Right here, and right now.
Say nothing
...
Leave me now. I have to prepare for tomorrow.
Let's meet early tomorrow morning for the next phase of the conference which promises to be most exciting.
Er, Louis! I'd like to see you a moment, please.
Thank you for siding with me today. I won't forget it.
I'm going to need you. Help me counter Mortimer on his own ground, right here.
I'm sure he'll try and win some of you over. He needs our votes.
You leave that to me.
In the meantime, I must ask you to go and see President Washington and persuade him to trust me and join us.
Am I really the right person for this?
Do you really think that I'll be able to convince him?
I'm not saying it's going to be easy.
But I have total faith in you. He likes you and thus he won't see you coming.
You must be careful, though. If he senses that you are trying to manipulate him, he'll dig in his heels.
Louis, use every means at your disposal. If Washington drops Mortimer, his defeat will be complete.
Will do
I'll do my best.
You should go right away. There's no time to lose. William already has a head start on us.
Very well, I'll go right away.
E...
Emily?
Emily? Are you there?
Typical...  there she goes again!
What's with this habit of hers of taking off in the middle of the night...
Sir, the conference is about to begin.
You are expected in the conference room.
Tell them I'm coming. Thank you.
Come on, Louis, the game is back on...
E...
Emily?
Emily? Are you there?
Typical...  there she goes again!
What's with this habit of hers of taking off in the middle of the night...
Sir, the conference is about to begin.
You are expected in the conference room.
Tell them I'm coming. Thank you.
Come on, Louis, the game is back on...
Wöllner is probably still behind the door. Best go out through the balcony, just in case.
Wöllner is probably still behind the door. Best go out through the balcony, just in case.
Hey...  Péru's name tag's fallen off
And his door is ajar... 
Hey...  Péru's name tag's fallen off
And his door is ajar... 
So Bonaparte is going to publish a book that he didn't write...  that crafty little rascal... 
So Bonaparte is going to publish a book that he didn't write...  that crafty little rascal... 
My friends, I would like to thank you for staying.
Good god, William, what is this I hear about you reinforcing military power in Louisiana?!
