Tell me what Sir Gregory has to offer that I don't already have with Lord Mortimer.
Keep what you already have.
The question is less about what you would gain, Mr President, and more about what you would keep.
After this, you could be in danger of losing everything. Your political career for example.
Don't risk it all on such a wild wager.
Louis, this type of argument is just not going to motivate me to change sides.
I've spent my whole life taking action when everyone was telling me to remain conservative. My choices will not be governed by fear.
You would be able to win colonies
What would you say to winning a few colonies?
I am sure that Sir Gregory would be prepared to discuss the acquisition of new territories.
No thanks, Louis, I'm not interested.
Colonies bring with them their own thorny problems and thus I prefer to focus on the consolidation of American territory.
A small fortune
Don't worry about that, Mr President.
Needless to say, Sir Gregory will be very generous.
I beg your pardon, Louis?
Are you talking about money?...
Do you really believe that money could possibly motivate me to follow you? Is that the image you have of me?
Don't take it the wrong way. You must...
Please be so gracious as to not tell me how I should receive your clumsy bribe, Louis.
No, money does not motivate me at all.
If that is all you have to offer, then I believe we are finished here.
It is in the best interest of the American people
You are a man of conviction, Mr President.  You would never make a choice that could cost the American people very dearly.
If Mortimer falls, he will bring the United States down with him.
Haven't the American people suffered enough?
I would never do anything that would put my people in danger.
Exactly. Therefore, choose your allies wisely, sir.
I must admit your arguments do make sense, Louis.
Promise him Louisiana too
Mr President, it seems Lord Mortimer would rather see Louisiana become French and not American.
Sir Gregory proposes that Louisiana go to you.
What? You would be prepared to hand it over to me?
It is certainly a possibility.
But for that you must not side with Mortimer at the conference.
I see.
Peace.
By following Sir Gregory, you'll be sure to be on the right side of the bayonets, Mr President.
Sir Gregory is encouraging all his partisans to go to war against Lord Mortimer's supporters.
Do you really want to go to war again?
Certainly not.
I would not allow it.
GOOD OUTCOME - WASH SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR HOLM
Louis, you've convinced me. I congratulate you for your performance because I didn't think it could happen.
I merely exposed the facts to you.
Don't spoil everything with your false modesty, now. You really were very good, and that's that.
In any case, I shall follow you on this one.
This may well arouse Lord Mortimer's wrath, but I must put the United States before anything else.
Have we finished, Louis?
Absolutely, Mr President.
I shan't keep you any longer.
Allow me to take my leave.
Good night, Louis. Get some rest,  tomorrow will be a very big day.
BAD OUTCOME  - WASH SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR MORTIMER
Listen, Louis, if I had any doubts about Lord Mortimer's project, I stand reassured now.
I hope Sir Gregory has more tricks up his sleeve than you do.  Because I regret to inform you that, as far as politics is concerned, you've got a lot to learn.
But you are still young, so don't worry.
On that note, I would like to get some sleep. Please leave me now.
Good night, Mr President.
Louis?
Louis, the conference is about to start any minute. This is not the time to be...
Dammit! What's going on?
I don't exactly know, Mr President. I was looking for my mother and I came upon this body.
My God, you don't think Sarah did it, do you?
No
No, I don't think so. Why would she have attacked a servant?
Yes
Unfortunately, I'm afraid I...
How awful!... What has your mother gotten herself into now?
If only I knew, Mr President.
Protect her reputation
Mr President, you really shouldn't get involved. Please be on your way, I'll take care of this.
You didn't come this way and you didn't see anything.
You are right. It's for the best.
If Sarah did that, I don't know what kind of hornet's nest she's kicked open, but I do wish you luck, my friend.
If no one saw you, I'd advise you not to get involved, Louis.
So that no one will accuse you of the murder.
Darn! The conference is starting!
Time is of the essence, sort this out and join us as quickly as you can in the conference room. Everyone will be expecting you.
Mr President, this is not really the right time and I didn't come for that...
Your mother's seat cannot remain vacant. You must replace her while she's still missing.
Your mother and I were to support Mortimer in his project. I don't know what the subject is but the future of our countries depends on it.
Given the importance of all this to Mortimer, he won't let the conference begin without you.
So, if you don't want more servants coming looking for you, I'd advise you to  join us quickly and to put a brave face on it.
The best favor you can do for yourself, Louis, and for Sarah, is to come and support Mortimer's project at the conference.
You can count on me!
Don't worry, you can count on me, Mr President.
I shall help you with Mortimer's project. As soon as I've finished up here.
Good, Louis. Sarah would be proud of you!
I'll stall them while you are on your way, but make haste.
Don't commit yourself to anything
Look, I don't mind following you, but I should warn you, I have no idea what this is all about .
So I can't make any promises as to what I might do.
I shall make my decision after the debate, when the time comes.
Ah... very well...
As you wish. You will see once you hear everything.  But given the situation, I think you will have everything to gain by joining Mortimer's side.
I'm going! Don't be long.
Tell them I'm on my way.
Louis, I've been looking for you.
Have you managed to find your mother?
