And neither of the two masters of ceremony have the right to vote.
It's up to the guests alone to decide, Louis.
In other words, us.
Gregory and myself are merely the go-betweens.
Finally, if the project is validated, each guest goes home and starts working to make it happen.
It can take years.
More questions
Have you been operating for long?
How long have you been active?
Oh, this tradition has more or less always existed, Louis. It has continued from generation to generation.
Do you meet often?
Do you often hold this kind of society dinner ?
In general, once a year, but in actual fact it tends to be events that dictate our gatherings.
What major decisions have you already orchestrated?
Can you give me an example of an event that was decided here before being implemented in the outside world?
Well, take the French Revolution. It was decided right here two years before its implementation in France.
Concerning the case of the French Revolution, I wasn't invited, but as far as the American Revolution is concerned, Louis, I can testify that we planned it five years before implementing it, for example.
Go back
I have no more questions.
I have no more questions.
Louis, let me keep you a moment.
I would like to let you in on a secret before we begin, because I'm going to need your assistance.
You see, the project I'm going to present concerns the territory of Louisiana in North America.
It's currently Spanish territory, and I'm going to make the proposition to the assembly for it to become French.
What's that got to do with me?
But how does that concern me?
Well, you see, I prepared this project with your mother.
We began thinking about a crazy idea. Unfortunately, Sarah went missing before getting the bigger picture. I don't intend to stop at Louisiana.
Continue..
My idea is to increase the territory of the United States.
The first stone of this vast project consists of getting Spain to cede Louisiana to France.
Once it becomes French, France will hand it over to the United States, which will then allow them to double the size of their territory.
And that's where you come in.
France and the United States, hand in hand. Two democracies illuminating the world.
Where does his project extend?
Lord Mortimer, I'm sure you are aware that Louisiana is hardly prime quality land. I wouldn't be exaggerating to call it marshland.
How is acquiring land they won't know what to do with going to strengthen the United States?
Think further, Louis.
The United States won't stop there.
Once they've acquired Louisiana, nothing will stop them. All they would have to do then is keep pushing toward the west to take the whole North American continent.
So you intend to get rid of the Spanish.
They are purely transitory.
This is the settlers' home. It is natural for them to want to develop their Nation to become one of the greatest powers of this world.
As for the Spanish, there are just a handful of them actually on site and if need be, we'll see to it that they are sufficiently occupied in Europe so that their focus is not on the North American continent.
Moreover, Spain really only cares about its colonies in South America. It's hardly my fault if they are not capable of seeing the potential in the North American territories.
How far does his project go?
But why spread it over two phases?
Why not announce the overall project immediately?
Unfortunately, if Spain were to hear that the intention of all this is to allow the United States to grow, they would never sign.
Manuel Godoy is perfectly aware of President Washington's appetite. If the United States took Louisiana, Godoy would know full well that he will have lost the entire North American continent.
Things must take place in several stages, otherwise the change will be too brutal and he will have no choice but to reject the project.
I still don't see what I've got to do with it.
I understand, but what do you expect of me?
I want the Order's support.
I'm going to need allies to carry forth my project. In France as well as in all the countries where the Order operates.
Continue
The concept of royalty is from bygone times. It is time to lead the way to Democracy.
Take a look at them.
Apart from President Washington, they all belong to monarchies.
Do you really think they won't resist?
Of course they'll fight. Fearful as they are of losing their precious privileges.
But the world needs visionaries. Like you, like your mother.
It's a pity Sarah isn't here to see it. She only knew about a tiny part of the project.
I hope I can count on you, Louis.
It's time to start now, I must ask you to keep it to yourself for the time being.
Take a seat, follow the discussions, we'll have an opportunity to catch up later and you'll be able to let me know your thoughts.
Blast it, Mother, you didn't know about everything. His project is commendable. Why tell me to beware? Could you have gotten it wrong?
My friends, I propose we get started.
First of all, I would like to thank you for taking the time to come.
The honor is ours, my Lord.
As per our custom, here we are all together to discuss the face of tomorrow's world.
Even though there may be certain tensions between our nations, I must ask you to keep an open mind.
As Sarah de Richet is unable to be among us, please welcome Louis de Richet, who will represent the Golden Order and will vote on its behalf when the time comes.
Welcome among us, Louis.
Welcome, Monsieur de Richet..
I hope he'll be more effective than his mother regarding the protection of the King of France! The Order has proved particularly inefficient!
Come, Manuel, you're not going to spoil our visit.
The Order's mission was not to protect king Louis XVI, as far as I am aware.
We are talking about a King of divine blood, for goodness sake!
It seemed obvious to me he needed protecting. If the Golden Order wants to pride itself on being an influential organization, it should have kept him alive.
Thank them for their welcome.
Thank you all. I'm honored to be among you today. I will strive to represent the interests of the Order as best I can.
Put Godoy in his place
I'm sorry about the fate of the King of France, Duke Manuel.
However, I'm surprised at your remark...
How can a man like me have changed the course of things where a man like you, powerful, capable of influencing international politics, was unable to do any better.
Give a nod without saying anything
Perhaps we may begin, Lord Mortimer?
Certainly. I have a dream that our nations will continue to support each other. More now than ever before.
A dream that, for the sake of common good, we will do what it takes to ensure stability in the modern world.
I have a dream that we shall lead by example and ensure that the American territory may remain in peace.
Thank you for the thought, Lord Mortimer, but I don't see where you are leading.
I'm coming to it, Mr President.
William, I told you, you are moving too fast.
I need not remind you that North America is currently divided between the United States on the East coast...
And Spain, which occupies the remaining two thirds of the continent.
Well, I propose that Spain cedes the center of the continent to France, namely all of Louisiana.
Louisiana? But...
Well, it is not for sale!
Lord Mortimer, I sincerely hope I have not come all this way just to hear you ramble on about what Spain should and should not do.
