I... can... can you see him?...
He's here...
He's coming closer to you...
Where? Louis, I don't want to just disappear!...
He's just a few meters away...
He's inside my mind, I can feel him crushing me...
He's just in front of you...
I'm so sorry brother, there's nothing you can do to stop me now.
You made your choice and you have lost.
I was wrong about him from the very begining...
He's mad...
He must be stopped!
Say nothing to him
You can still do something, Louis.
Don't worry, son...
Father?
I am here.
You can go in peace...
Father, I am sorry...
Don't be, you've been infallible right to the end.
I am proud, all those years, watching you grow into who you are today.
But Father, I almost..
No!
If your brother had not been so malicious, you would still be with us.
I am here now. I am going to take care of him.
Count on me to...
Stop! All of you! LEAVE NOW!
Don't let him get away with it, please...
Sorry, I'm going to follow Mortimer
I wanted to believe in you, Uncle...
Louis... no, don't do it...
I can't follow you anymore...
Louis...
He's won...
We put up a good fight, but let's be honest, he won.
I'm sorry, Uncle, but I've decided to follow Father.
But how can you trust him?...
He's my father and there's so much he has to show me.
I'm not responsible for what happened to you. That's your business, the two of you.
You are just as mad as he is, Louis!
You'll end up just like him!
I will follow him to the end
I have been following you, Uncle! And I shall remain with you!
Thank you, Louis!
But w... What must I do?
We must notify the family about what's happening here.
Let me enter you, I shall empower you to do so!
Let Holm enter!
All right, do it quickly!
There, now you can communicate with the Ether...
When you return to reality, go to Elizabeth's room and call the Ether.
You will find an ally there...
Refuse to let him enter
Wh... What??
No, Uncle, you can't ask that of me!
Louis, it's the only way!
I must teach you how...
But that's the rule, never let anyone possess your mind...
Louis...
Sorry, I can't...
I believe neither in him, nor in Mortimer
Look at yourself, Uncle!
You're just as bad as he is !
Despite being centuries old, despite all the wisdom you should have acquired, I don't believe in you, nor do I believe in him.
You can count on me to do my utmost, so that neither of you will succeed in your plans!
You can be so stupid!
As for me, I won't be around much longer!
So if you want to stand the slightest chance against him, at least make sure you are armed, Louis!
What do you mean?
The Lance, Louis!
Have you got the Lance?!
Louis, it's over for me...
It's up to you now, to protect our family!
Find your sister, Louis! She'll know what to do!
What are you saying?
Find her!
Don't let him get away with all this so easily, I implore you...
Sorry, I'm going to follow Mortimer
I neither believe in him nor in Mortimer
It's over, Brother, don't fight it...
You will be punished for this...
Perhaps, but you won't be there to see it, will you ?
You will be puni...
I must be quick...
My memories... I... I'm losing my sense of who... I...
Louis! Are you there?
Yes... Yes, I'm here.
Pick up the thread of my thoughts, Louis, of my memories! Make haste!
Listen to the entire memory
Ah, Charles François... What an adventure..
It was so easy for me to sell your title of Marquis de Maintenon to Françoise d'Aubigné and to sail for the Caribbean islands..
One of my greatest successes!
With one stroke I placed myself right next to the King of France, with a mistress under my orders...
...and I was able to impose my law over the seas of the triangular trade!
Anyhow, I should try to concentrate on his voice.
Follow this memory
I'm getting carried away here.
I must concentrate on the important memories, the ones that led Holm into this situation.
Analyze the memory
He's talking about Charles François d'Angennes. And Françoise d'Aubigné.
