Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
Your arguments are not all meaningless, but you have not managed to convince me.
[to himself] Bravo Louis! All that for nothing.
Now leave me I pray; I still have things to pack before I leave. Louisiana is a weight Spain must get rid of.
So here we are!
You finally show your true face!
I suspected that under your gentlemanly airs, you were worth no more than Peru!
You know, I would have preferred not to have it come to this.
I will crush you, Mauras!
You don't scare me!
And what would people say if they learnt that you beat Madame de Avilla?
You have just made yourself a considerable enemy.
I fully assume my relationship with Madame DE AVILLA and you will never blackmail me on that count!
Now get out of my room, straightaway!
And what would people think if they learned that you like having a good time with men? What would your pious and catholic king say?
Infiel! I forbid you to talk to anyone about this!
That is not my goal.
If only you were to reconsider my request concerning Louisiana.
I will support you in this project, but be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy.
And what would your king say if he learned, by chance, that you've been the lover of his dear and tender wife for so many years?
Sabandija! He would never believe you.
It is your word against mine!
Really?
Even if I have written correspondence, from both of you?
I probably should not have done so, but earlier I was in your room.
I was looking for you and I accidentally stumbled upon compromising letters that the Queen and you have been writing to each other for nearly six years.
It makes you wonder who the true father of the queen's two youngest children might be, doesn't it?
I shall destroy you!
I shall do what you ask of me concerning your damned Louisiana, but be sure that I shall take my revenge!
Good; that's understood!
I wanted to see you before your departure in order to warn you.
Excuse me!
Not about me, sir.
But about macabre games that are being played here, that are beyond our comprehension.
Miss Adams and Mr. Peru did not die in the manner claimed by Lord Mortimer.
We're all in danger and I came to tell you not to follow Lord Mortimer's plans, no more than those of Sir Gregory.
Otherwise, you'll be eternally indebted to them.
But damn you, Mauras, what are you trying to tell me?
Would you be insinuating that Lord Mortimer is responsible for killing Miss Adams?
Is that it?
[to himself] This discussion seems to be leading nowhere.
Miss Adams did not die in the manner suggested by Lord Mortimer.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well that Miss Adams was murdered by Mr. Peru.
Why on earth would Lord Mortimer plot the death of this poor lady?
You're very gullible, Duke Manuel.
I investigated her death.
Elizabeth Adams was none other than the daughter of John Adams, Vice President of the United States of America!
She was declared stillborn by her father and kept from public view because of black magic. And despite years of treatment, her father preferred to sacrifice her by sending her to Mortimer.
Mortimer knew Adams. They worked together. But, one day, Adams decided to do without his services.
And "what a surprise" no sooner was his first child born, a girl, than she was possessed by the Devil.
Oh come now, what are you talking about?
Nothing! Forget the whole story, Duke Manuel! But you should know that one never makes a pact with the devil!
Enough said, Mauras!
I am in a hurry and I have a boat to take. Now leave me!
Mr. Peru did not die in the manner claimed by Lord Mortimer.
What are you insinuating, Mauras? Lord Mortimer is lying about the death of Peru, is that it?
I was there!
Mr. Peru did not attack Mr. Bonaparte as he claims.
Mortimer suggested that we plot to halt the revolution in France, which enraged Mr. Peru.
And Mortimer asked us to shoot him, in cold blood!
The second I refused, Bonaparte took up a gun, cleverly placed there, and shot him in the head.
Mr. Peru was only there to be shot!! Do you understand?!
I do not understand a word except that you are accusing of conspiracy to murder one of the most influential men I know.
Why in the devil's name would a man of his rank want the death of poor Peru?
The answer is in the question, Duke Manuel.
Why in the devil's name would a man like him want that?
The Devil! He is the devil and we are here in his lair.
The Devil.
Of course.
That is the only possibility I see.
Good enough! I have listened while you churned out your stories, Mr. Mauras.
I've remained courteous, but now a boat is waiting for me, and so I would ask you to leave my room immediately.
I see that you do not believe me.
But yes...  of course.
Mr. De Richet did not commit suicide!
Sir, De Richet was my father! I came to this island because nothing had been heard from him since he set foot here, upon Mortimer's invitation!
My father had been investigating him for years. I'm sure that he had uncovered something about him and that he was about to reveal it.
Mr. De Richet was your father!?
But you are called Mauras.
I carry the maiden name of my mother, for reasons that are too long to explain.
And your father was investigating Lord Mortimer!?
But what are you telling me, Mauras!?
My father suspected Mortimer of not being who he claimed to be, and of plotting in the shadows of the powerful in order to influence the future of the world.
Influence the future of the world!
Plotting in the shadows of the powerful!
Of course.
I understand.
Now listen young man, I am in a hurry.
Now a boat is waiting for me, and so I would ask you to leave my room immediately or else I shall be obliged to call the servants.
You don't believe me.
But yes...  of course.
I do apologize, sir. I believe that I'm beginning to lose my mind.
That, I see.
The Father's Curse. Decidedly, it's a recurring theme with Mortimer.
The return of the son to his father's deathbed. Too late, son. At the same time, you should not have cursed him, Dad.
The Sacrifice of Isaac, painted by Caravaggio. He sacrificed his own child: faith or folly?
The Incredulity of Saint Thomas.
Put your finger here, and see my hands; and put out your hand, and place it in my side.
Classic mistake, Saint Thomas never directly touched the wound. It's even the profession of faith of those who believe without touching.
