However, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that there will be no quick recovery in France. Violence is everywhere.
If you want to kill a snake, cut off its head.
And France didn't need any help cutting off its own head.
The monarchy has been decapitated; the nobles decapitated; the clergy decapitated.
Even their king!! Can you imagine?
I'm astonished at your position in relation to your own people, but I drink your words.
If you knew the shame I feel at being French. I disgust myself.
Again, I can but concur. You disgust me also.
But if you choose to favour the interests of France, how do you think the other members of the coalition will react?
You are ten of you united against her.
And on YOUR advice, Spain will break the coalition?
Who do you take me for?! I'm no traitor. I would never harm the interests of my country.
Of that I am convinced.
Do not exaggerate things!
These lands represent little except desert and some swamps. Compared to what we would do with the money from the sale, it's not an issue.
And what would the Holy Catholic Church think of it?
It will understand.
Really?
Personally, above all else, I see these lands as a new territory to be evangelized by the Catholic Church.
What would the Pope say if you were to abandon these thousands of indigenous souls rather than save them from damnation?
Spain must bring the good word to them.
From that view point, I cannot imagine that the Pope would appreciate the sale.
Save them and you will save yourselves.
For my part, I wager that the Pope would admonish you for that.
Then we shall find another!
Excuse me! You exceed limits, sir.
You talk of ousting the Holy Father!
And in your opinion, why is Monsignor Piaggi here, if it is not to prepare the election of the next pope with Holm and Mortimer?
Those two are demons who play with us as they would with puppets!
Demons... ?
It is an image, for goodness' sake! Do not take everything at face value.
If you sell this to the French, you'll hand this territory to a people which have beheaded their king.
Look at what is happening right now in Paris: heads are falling. Including those of priests.
Imagine for one second what the Holy See will think if you let these atheists and heretics occupy vast tracts of North America.
I do not want to be responsible for that!
I understand you; I too would not like to be responsible.
The Church will be displeased with you for this. It has too much to lose.
You would abandon thousands of future believers and let them become atheists and heretics.
Do you believe that the Pope wants to see the wind of a rebellion spread from France?
The Church is not afraid to speak out when it suits it!
Just look at your dear France! The clergy are slaughtered without any official reprimand from Rome!
What you are saying is very serious, sir.
How can you reproach our mother Church for that when, in reality, she is merely taking the time to study the question?
Do not expect the Holy See to shout out like a town crier in order to vent its spleen.
But Christians are dying every day.
Yes, in France as elsewhere, Christians die every day and return to our Lord. Praise be to God.
I hear your words, but I am beside myself with anger.
I have listened to you Mr. Mauras. However, you seem to forget a major factor in all of this.
Lord Mortimer.
He wants France to recover Louisiana. I don't know why, but I am not sure that I want to.
And one doesn't say "NO" to Lord Mortimer. He welcomed us cordially, but I know very well what he is capable of. Ask Adams, or Peru.
But what are you talking about?
I shall not discount him at all. On the other hand, you do seem to minimize the influence of Sir Gregory.
That he does not look very kindly upon this sale and will do everything in his power to abort it.
His power? What power?
Blessed are the ignorant.
Persuading you to come here, for example. You, the Prime Minister of Spain, head of the government; he invited you and you came running.
While I imagine you have a very busy schedule, you find time to come here, in great secrecy, in order to discuss politics between gentlemen.
I came at the request of Lord Mortimer!
Not in the least.
It is rather that Mortimer asked Madame de Avilla to come. He prefers to have the ear of the queen rather than yours.
On the other hand, as for the presence of Piaggi, Von Wöllner, me personally, or indeed yourself, you owe it all to Sir Gregory.
Lord Mortimer is one side of a coin, Sir Gregory the other.
You bestow powers on this man that he does not possess. And if he once knew how to intimidate you, I wager that, very soon, he will no longer have the means.
Mortimer is on the downward slope. He is a counterfeiter, a fine speaker, that's all. He knows how to manipulate people; that is true. But his career is over.
If I were you, I would listen to Sir Gregory.
What!? You think so?
Certainly!
And he will be a major ally in the years ahead.
Maybe you are right.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well, as I do, that Miss Adams was murdered by Mr. Peru.
Why on earth would Lord Mortimer plot the death of this poor lady?
You are very gullible, Mr. Mauras.
Elizabeth Adams was none other than the daughter of John Adams, Vice President of the United States of America!
She was declared stillborn by her father and kept from public view because of black magic. And despite years of treatment, her father preferred to sacrifice her by sending her to Mortimer.
Mortimer knew Adams. They worked together. But, one day, Adams decided to do without his services.
And "what a surprise" no sooner was his first child born, a girl, than she was possessed by the Devil.
Oh come now, what are you talking about?
Nothing! Forget the whole story, Mr. Mauras! But you must realise that one doesn't say "No" to Lord Mortimer!
I see that you are well informed, Duke Manuel.
Evidently, you as well.
But what do you mean by that?
Come now; you know very well as I do, that I am unfortunately responsible for the death of Mr. Peru, when he attacked Mr. Bonaparte.
Come now; you know very well as I do, that it was M. Bonaparte that had to shoot Mr. Peru when Peru attacked him.
Of course.
And what were you doing together, Mortimer, Bonaparte and yourself?
You dare tell me that Mortimer never asked to speak to you? He had nothing to offer you? No advice for you?
Sir, you worry me. You seem to imagine a conspiracy between Mortimer, Bonaparte and myself that exceeds the bounds of imagination.
But of course. I must be tired; that's all.
Are we done?
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
But I must grant you a certain talent when it comes to getting your ideas across. You should go into politics.
I do not know where you obtained this information, but it is impressive.
If only you knew!
Louisiana is spanish and will remain so.
So?
What will you do?
