Translate
Take
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
Put it back
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Examine
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
Translate
Translate
Translate
Take
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
Put it back
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Examine
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
Translate
Translate
Well, from what Livingston told me, Godoy should be somewhere around here.
So the boat is waiting for them and I had better find him quickly.
Every minute counts. I shouldn't dilly dally if I am to speak to him before he leaves.
Aeneas Bearing Anchises.
The son carrying his father on his back to save him.
How can one resist?
Themis.
Well well, typically Justice is blindfolded and the scales are balanced. Surprising!
A little pick-me-up. Always useful!
The Nightmare.
A woman haunted by her nightmares.
An inspiring painting for a bedroom.
Decidedly, Mortimer has a very unique way of putting his guests at ease.
Cain slaying Abel.
Humanity's first official murder for reasons of jealousy.
Adam and Eve Mourning the Death of Abel.
Pride is truly the worst of sins.
Very very cheerful. I wonder if all the guests were treated to the same decorations in their rooms.
They look like coca leaves.
Apparently Mortimer would like us to respect etiquette.
A fragment of Amber. I'll take it.
Enter.
I can hear noise. Godoy must be inside.
Not a sound. I don't think anybody's there.
If Godoy really isn't there, I'm gonna lose precious time.
Enter.
Letters between Godoy and Maria Luisa of Parma, Queen consort of Spain.
There would seem to be a sustained exchange of letters between these two.
Well, it's a pity that  foreign languages are not my forte.
Now this is something I did not expect! So Manuel Godoy, Prime Minister of Spain, is the lover of the Spanish Queen!
If the King found out, Godoy would be a dead man!
Apparently, the relationship has gone on for several years.
If these letters were to be disclosed, the scandal would weaken the whole Spanish monarchy.
The King's descendants could be excluded because of illegitimacy and the Queen could be repudiated.
Mr. Godoy, you are too fond of playing with fire. It will be your undoing.
Plainly, this has been going on for almost six years.
And during these six years the Queen has provided the King with two plump infants.
I wonder who these children most resemble? Godoy or good old King Charles IV?
Mr. Godoy, I wager that if the King learned of your relationship with HIS queen, it would cost you dearly.
You really shouldn't leave such documents lying around.
This can always prove useful.
Who is there?
Louis Mauras, Madame.
What do you want, Mr. Mauras?
I'm looking for Duke Manuel; I must speak with him urgently.
A moment!
Enter.
No noise. Godoy must not be there otherwise I'd surely hear them fighting.
Am I sure that I want to go in. If Godoy isn't there, I'll lose precious time.
If you are looking for him, he is not here.
What happened here, madame?
That does not concern you, sir.
Madame, if you felt that it did not concern me, you would not have opened the door to me.
What manners! I thought you more courteous, sir.
You think, perhaps, that he is hiding under my petticoat! And I who believed that you had some regard for my person!
Leave immediately or I shall call for help!
I offer my apologies, madame.
How foolish! I cannot go anywhere without searching through everything. That will teach me!
My guilty pleasure.
You can take them, they are his.
Oh, excuse me. I did not wish to be impolite.
In that case it would have better to touch nothing, but take them all; I do not want them.
I can't resist chocolate.
You are looking for him?
Madame, was it he who struck you this way?
Ignore this Mr. Mauras; I have no choice. My life is thus.
You are senior lady-in-waiting to the queen of Spain
Allow me to presume that you would only have to speak to the queen for her to intervene and that you would be rid of him.
If only!
And who do you think authorised Duke Manuel to use me as he wants?
I can't imagine that the king is aware of this.
No, he knows nothing.
