Of course, I am close to my whole flock, my son.
Very close, Monsignore?
What!?
What are you insinuating, my son?
Nothing, Monsignore, I'm clearly mistaken.
No, El Duce Manuel is not here.
On the other hand, Mr. Mauras, you worry me.
Something has changed in you. I cannot say what it is exactly, but you seem "darker" than before.
How are you feeling?
Please excuse me; I have no wish to try your patience.
I shall leave you.
What do you mean by that, Monsignor?
I cannot say for sure Mr. Mauras, but I must ask you to leave.
You worry me.
You're keeping something from me.
Returning here, I saw El Duce Manuel going towards Von Wöllner's room, if that can help you.
Now leave!
What's gotten into him?
Is it possible that this priest truly sensed a change in me since Mortimer told me of my true nature?
No, that's impossible.
The door is locked.
I shall be with you in a moment.
What is it? Who is there?
It is Louis Mauras, Dr. Von Wöllner. I am looking for Duke Manuel.
Mauras! Are you looking for me?
Take your time to get dressed, my friend. We must not shock our guest.
Enough, sir! This is not a game!
Now, now, calm down! I am sure that Mr. Mauras won't be shocked by our adult games.
Oh...  I apologize if I've come at a wrong moment.
Not at all, even the best of friends must sometimes part.
Unless you wanted to join us?
Be quiet, maldita sea!
Follow me Mauras; let us talk in my room.
In your room!? But you must have them all!
Louis, you are too late, my friend.
Too late for what?
Duke Manuel and I were in deep discussion and we would have gladly brought you in.
Please excuse me, but I'm not sure that I understand.
The situation seems to amuse you, but I can't tell if it's me or the circumstances.
No offence; please forgive me. For a moment I was thinking if you had arrived a few minutes earlier.
You said that you were looking for Duke Manuel, is that not so?
This is correct. I wish to talk with him as soon as possible. Would you know where he is, please?
[to himself] Take me for a fool!
[to himself] Godoy is indeed no longer here, but I frankly doubt that you gentlemen,  were discussing the political situation of Prussia in Europe, especially naked in bed.
Please excuse me if I interrupted your...  "deliberations".
I certainly had no desire to spoil the moment.
No airs and graces between us, Mr. Mauras. You would have spoiled nothing; I can assure you.
We would have been happy to invite you to join us.
You are still looking for Duke Manuel?
More than ever.
[to himself] He seems to be enjoying this. What went on in that room?
[to himself] Knowing the man, I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't put Godoy in an awkward situation.
[to himself] At the same time, two men half-naked in a disordered room, I wouldn't be far off the mark in assuming that their discussion was...  intimate.
You were looking for Duke Manuel, were you not?
Indeed.
Well, Duke Manuel wanted to return to his room to clean up before his departure. I wager that you will find him there.
With a little luck, you might even have passed each other in the corridor.
Then again, he left without his second boot so I imagine that he took great care not to meet anyone.
Incidentally, if you could bring it to him, I can see it behind the chair, there.
[to himself] This is all I need... ; now I deliver shoes.
[to himself] However, I can't wait to see Godoy's face when I hand him his shoe.
Do you want me to fold his pants as well?!
You missed him.
Duke Manuel must be back in his room by now. He wanted to rest before leaving.
You should have no trouble finding him there.
Please close the door as you leave.
Sit down Mr. Mauras. Please be brief and to the point; a boat is waiting for me.
Herr Wöllner asked me to return this to you. But I'd suggest we don't really need to discuss this matter any further.
We have more urgent business to talk about.
I was lucky to find Herr Wöllner..
I would be grateful if we didn't talk about that anymore.
Don't worry. I do not take interest in private matters that don't concern me.
[to himself]...  unless you happen to go against me.
One last thing...  while I was looking for you, I went by way of Madame De Avilla's room.
I thought I'd find you there.
Hurry up, I am in a rush.
I'm astounded at your arrogance.
You beat a woman and you express no remorse.
For whom do you take me, Mauras?!
You seem to forget to whom you are speaking!
I am Manuel Godoy y Alvarez de Faria! Duc d'Alcudia y de Sueca! Secretary of State of... 
And you...  have no idea who I am.
If you believe in the Devil, I'm his son!
If you ever touch her again, I'll emasculate you. Is that clear?
And what would people say if they learnt that you beat Madame de Avilla?
You have just made yourself a considerable enemy.
I fully assume my relationship with Madame DE AVILLA and you will never blackmail me with that!
Now get out of my room, straightaway!
And what would your king say if he learned, by chance, that you've been his dear wife's lover for many years?
Sabandija! He would never believe you.
It is your word against mine!
Really?
Even when I have your letters?
I probably shouldn't have been, but earlier on I was in your room.
I was looking for you and I accidentally stumbled upon compromising letters that the Queen and you have been writing to each other for nearly six years.
It makes you wonder who the true father of the queen's two youngest children might be, doesn't it?
I shall destroy you!
You'll do nothing of the sort.
In addition, as of today, Madame De Avilla is no longer of any concern to you. You won't see her again, nor even glance in her direction.
Consider the matter settled.
