Because if he were to learn it, it would also mean that he discovers that it is his dear wife who requires me to satisfy Duke Manuel when she is not there to do it herself.
You mean that the queen knows about Godoy and you?? But... 
It is not that she knows it. It is she who arranged it!
When the Queen is not with him, she chooses the one that will replace her.
Duke Manuel and her have been lovers for years.
I would have imagined that no one knew.
I thought that Duke Manuel would do everything to keep his deviant behaviour secret.
An open secret.
There you have it, Mr. Mauras!
You know everything.
If I can do anything for you, please, don't hesitate to ask.
What could you do Mr. Mauras?
He could meet with an unfortunate accident.
Do you realise what you just said? You are talking about assassinating the head of the Spanish government.
You're overstepping the mark!
Anyone can have an accident!
Have you even the slightest idea of the consequences?
This man will never listen to reason, and you know it very well.
Sir, I did not hear you. You have said nothing to me.
However,... 
...  if by misfortune, something were to happen to Duke Manuel before his departure, be sure that you will always be a friendly welcome for you in Spain.
Trust me. I shall find a way.
No Mr. Mauras, there is nothing to be done.
Forget what we just spoke about; I should not have opened up to you in such a manner.
I feel better now; thank you for everything, but please go.
I have the means to make him pay; you need no longer worry about him.
If you are thinking about revealing what I just told you, do not bother!
I shall deny everything. You have no idea who you are attacking.
I told you, you need worry no more.
I have other means of action. Consider your problem solved.
You're right. I really do not see what I could do.
With his political status, he could easily rid himself of you and point the finger at me.
Be strong, madame, it will not last.
I thank you for your discretion.
With what you have told me, I have more than I require to eliminate Duke Manuel from the court of Spain.
And you will do nothing! I told you nothing; I shall deny everything!
You haven't the slightest idea of the repercussions that this would have on the Spanish court!
Not counting the risks I shall take when I return.
Forget everything, Mr. Mauras.
Promise me not to say a thing.
You can count on my discretion.
Thank you, I know that you are man of his word.
Do not make me promise that, madame. He must pay for what he has done!
I beg you to do nothing. If you speak, you will bring ruin upon me as well as the court of Spain. I could not bear that.
Now leave me.
I absolutely must speak with him before he leaves.
I was also thinking…
I thought for a moment that you were interested in my fate.
You are mistaken; I was not trying to be disrespectful.
No, of course.
But the first thing that comes into your mind when you see me thus, in a room that is turned upside down, is where to find him in order to clear up your affairs together.
Nothing of the sort. I am looking for him on order to …
Kill him
Destroy his career
Tarnish his reputation
Madame, I'm deeply moved by your fate.
But I am in no position to do anything.
Please excuse me. I must leave now.
He is in Wöllner's room.
Goodbye, Mr. Mauras.
A moment!
Enter.
The Old Testament, the Book of Psalms, Psalm seven: the Shiggaion of David.
My word, Piaggi is in full demon hunting mode.
I don't know what he's afraid of, but he must be very frightened to recite this sort of prayer.
He probably wouldn't recite psalms like these in the presence of Godoy; I better look elsewhere if I want to lay hands on him quickly.
Latin. Father Piaggi seems to be engrossed in prayer.
It's about...  protection...  against enemies.
I don't know what Piaggi is up to but, one thing is for sure, Godoy cannot be there.
Am I sure that I want to go in. If Godoy is not there, I could lose precious time.
Excuse me, am I disturbing you, Monsignore?
Et incidit in foveam quam fecit.
Not in the least, my son.
A moment, I am almost done.
[to himself] Unless Godoy is hidden between his legs, he's not here.
[to himself] I'd better not stay here if I wanna see him before he leaves.
A letter in Latin from Piaggi to Cardinal Chiaramonti, in the Vatican.
What are you doing, my son?! These letters are private!
When I think, after all those years of having Latin drummed into me, that I can't remember the slightest word. What a waste!
Your Eminence...  blah blah blah...  it seems that Piaggi is concerned about Mortimer's morals. He speaks to Chiaramonti about Mortimer's occult practices.
If only he knew, the poor old man. We are far from paltry black masses, Monsignor.
Ah...  he also reassures the cardinal of the unwavering support of … Sir Gregory??
So apparently, Holm and Piaggi are working together. Holm seems to have undertaken to support Chiaramonti in the election of the next Pope.
Ugh! I don't know if I'm impressed or if all this makes me want to vomit.
And so, my son, what can I do for you?
Excuse me; I didn't want to disturb you. I'm looking for Duke Manuel. Have you seen him?
And why would you come to see me?
You thought to find him here?
Very good question!
You're my last hope; I've already been to the other rooms.
My son, you seem to doubt that El Duce Manuel would even consider coming to his confession. That is sad.
[to himself] But what am I doing here?
[to himself] When I'm told that Godoy might be in delightful company, I go to look in the room of a priest.
[to himself] Sometimes, I really don't think straight.
And so?... 
I have trouble understanding.
I understood that he and you got along well together.
I thought, perhaps, that you were together.
And you were wrong, my son.
I thought that you and Duke Manuel were close.
