We are working to that end, sir, we are working with great vigour.
But have no concern for the Holy See.
Pius VI is not getting any younger and he will soon have accomplished his labours on this earth. A new pope will soon take his place.
What!?
You are talking of eliminating a pope to replace him with a more "compliant" one?
Do I read correctly between the lines?
Sir, do not doubt the influence of Lord Mortimer.
There is not a country, not a monarchy, not a government in power that can prevent Mortimer from placing whoever he wants, wherever he wants.
Your faith in our host is impressive.
But it is true that the reputation of Lord Mortimer is well established.
What you say is no doubt true, but I can see a major stumbling block in your plan.
Of course, your friend Mortimer does impress me by the influence he exercises on the general scheme of things.
But there is one component he does not control.
Sir Gregory Holm.
Don't underestimate Sir Gregory, who hitherto has always allowed Spain to prevail.
Why should I now change benefactor to jump from Holm to Mortimer?
Holm has always served us.
Served? You mean enslaved.
Sir Gregory is constantly manipulating you in order to serve his own purposes.
He pretends to support you with his right hand while, with his left, he offers the moon to Britain, your sworn enemy.
And from what I can see, his effective support is not in your favour.
I admit that his friendship with the British crown doesn't please me.
But now his circle of influence is melting away.
What has he done for you lately?
Did he help you in the conflict with France? Has he helped you in your struggles against Britain in the Americas?
I do not have to answer to you, sir.
Even if you do raise real uncertainties within me.
But you still do not appreciate the power of Lord Mortimer.
You only swear by Holm because you've known only him until now.
From now on, you no longer have need of Holm.
Who do you think managed this tour de force, of gathering together on an island lost off the English coastline, those persons capable of changing the face of the world?
Sir, your words are quite convincing, I must admit.
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
But I must grant you a certain talent when it comes to getting your ideas across. You should go into politics.
I do not know where you obtained this information, but it is impressive.
[to himself] If you only knew!
The sale of Lousiana seems to be an interesting option for Spain after all.
I shall present it to the King in person. You can count on me.
[to himself] Not so fast, my friend. I know a lot about you.
Good Sir, you're nothing but dung.
Not only have I easily convinced you, but with what I know about you, you'll eat out of my hand.
[to himself] No, I will not stoop to that.
So?
What will you do?
Mauras, I have told you, I am in a hurry.
Your arguments are not all meaningless, but you have not managed to convince me.
I don't know if one day you will seek to enter politics, but you still have work to do in order to make yourself heard.
I would have thought you were more inclined to see things my way, given what I know about you.
[to himself] Bravo Louis! All that for nothing.
Now leave me I pray; I still have things to pack before I leave.
I wanted to make sure that you will not pursue the Louisiana sale project, proposed by Lord Mortimer.
And in what way does this concern you, Mauras?
Tell me something of why I should agree to your request?
I learned the amount that the French were offering for Louisiana.
I regret to say that they're trying to dupe you, my friend.
This sum is a trifle compared with the true value of the territory.
Mr. Mauras, I expected that I would waste my time by listening to you.
If you are aware of the current state of Spanish finances, you would know that such a sum would allow us to greatly alleviate our financial worries.
Are we done?
Sir, the Mississippi River runs from the north to the south along the border of the Louisiana territory. River trade is booming. Many towns, such as Nouvelle Orleans, are thriving. The river is the main route for trade from Wisconsin all the way to West Florida.
You impress me. I do not know how you know all this without having been there, but your analysis is very pertinent.
Sir, I am convinced that the region will see an economic explosion in the coming years.
If you sell these lands, you will be the one who signed away a vast and promising territory at the stroke of a pen.
Moreover, this act will be taken as an admission of weakness by Spain. And I do not think that the Spanish crown has need of such an indicator.
This could even lead to an attack by your enemies, if they sense that you're weak.
You would incite the British to quickly mount an attack in the Caribbean Sea. Because it would not take too long for them to suppose that if you are selling such a large territory, it is because you have need of financies. Thereby admitting that you could no longer withstand their fleet.
Enough, sir!
I am very well aware of all that; I am not mad to the point of displaying an act of weakness to anyone.
Sir, the Americans are hungry for land. They are gradually settling the territory.
Do you sincerely believe that they'll stop?
I do not believe for a second that the French have any interest in establishing themselves in the Americas.
I am willing to stake my life on them not keeping the territory.
And I would lean towards the United States, which is clearly, waiting for just that.
Why the United States?
Who is able to purchase these lands? And who would see any interest?
Britain? Certainly not: France would never sell to the British.
On the other hand, the United States, their long-time ally, would gain significantly by extending their territory much further to the west.
And what would stop them from taking your possessions all the way to the Pacific Ocean? Your territory of New Spain would allow them to extend their control from eastern to western shores.
Can you imagine it?
Mauras, France is the enemy of all European countries!
When just one war is costly you have ten states that have joined forces against you. That entails far greater expense.
By confirming this sale, I will ensure that France has even less money with which to resist inside her own borders.
That is true.
However, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that if you do confirm this sale, France has more than sufficient means to promote her own recovery.
And you honestly believe, knowing the French, that this will protect you from their wrath.
But what are you talking about, Mauras?
We are speaking of a country embroiled in a civil war, which would pay a fortune to return it to us. After that, how do you expect people to fear France?
You are raving, young man. Have you finished?
But if you push your thinking further.
You will force France to defend herself on her own soil.
Very good.
Against who? Who will step onto French soil to serve themselves?
Spain, of course! Otherwise what's the point?
It is therefore you who will lead the war against France.
And we shall win!
Of course! On the other hand, you'll let Britain steal your South American possessions while you are mired down in a long drawn out war, without money, against your neighbour.
And if you fail, the British will only have to bend down to pick up the crumbs.
Your maturity surprises me, given your young age.
