But be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy, Louis Mauras.
And what would people think if they learned that you like having a good time with men? What would your pious and catholic king say?
Infiel! I forbid you to talk to anyone about this!
That is not my goal, if you agree to never raise a hand against her again.
No retaliation will be taken against her.
You will disappear from her life.
Consider the matter settled.
But be aware that you have entered the arena of princes and potentates and that you have just gained yourself a major enemy, Louis Mauras.
I wanted to make sure that you would defend the proposed sale of Louisiana.
[to himself] Let us engage in this minor verbal joust, but play it with finesse because with what I know about you, I have you!
And in what way does this concern you, Mauras?
Tell me something of why I should agree to your request?
If Spain were to sell Louisiana to France, Sir, Spain would be in possession of a significant sum of money. And you would be the man who brought a small fortune into the coffers of your King.
That is not untrue.
I didn't know that you could speak with such eloquence.
Sir, your wealth comes mainly from your South American territories. Which are rich in precious stones and gold.
You would have everything to gain by ridding yourselves of this barren patch in order to focus on your trading posts further to the south.
Listen to me, Mauras. I have no time to waste on your ludicrous schemes. To consider Louisiana as a mere barren patch of land only shows your ignorance of the subject.
Louisiana is bordered by the Mississippi River which serves as a trade channel for the whole region. A massive economy is emerging in the area.
Given the inadequacy of your arguments, I cannot believe that Lord Mortimer charged you to speak with me. You serve your master badly, young man.
Duke Manuel, I shall be frank with you.
What would you give to be the hero of your nation?
Imagine being the Man of Providence who managed to fool the British at their own game.
Because, yes sir, King George also has designs on these lands. But also, and especially, on your South American dominions.
But I am sure that you already know this and that I am teaching you nothing.
Of course.
Of course.
But by selling to France in the not too distant future, you will ensure that the treacherous British will have no port on the confines of your viceroyalties in the New World.
And thus, you would be the man who managed to prevent the British from taking the Americas.
I must admit, my dear friend, that your arguments certainly do hit the nail on the head. You surprise me.
Cursed British! With their damn fleet, they have their gaze fixed on our southern territories. There are non-stop confrontations in the Caribbean Sea.
Sir, France and the United States of America are allies.
If you wish to preserve your stability in the north in order to ensure your possessions to the south, you would be well advised to sell to the French.
Look.
If France were to establish herself there, having no territories in the region, it would not threaten your hegemony in the Americas.
Moreover, Spain needs money; you know it very well. And the only states who can provide that money swiftly are France and Britain.
And it seems preferable to me that you don't offer a vast tract of land, on a silver platter, to your sworn enemies who are already plotting towards a single goal:
stealing your possessions in the New World.
It is your decision, but France seems like the best option.
You are very persuasive.
Mauras, France is the enemy of all European countries! How do you wish me to engage in the sale of a territory to you at the same time that Spain is part of a coalition against you?
Ten states have joined forces against you, and you, you just ask me to make a deal on the sale of Louisiana.
Do you not think that you are, somewhat, overstepping the mark?
And if that was not enough, you just cut the damned head off your king! Understand what this means. You will not find a monarchy that will ally itself with you. You are finished!
I understand.
Nevertheless, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that France still exists and is holding her own. She is preparing her renewal, whether you like it or not.
Yes, ten states have joined forces to rape her. And yet, she is still standing as far as I can see.
Valiant!
Powerful!
Proud!
History's been made, Duke Manuel. I can assure you that within a few years, the influence of France will radiate across the world.
So, let us ensure the future of our two nations! Let us burn bright together!
And you think to reassure me with this argument?
What will France, so strong and so powerful, do when she is at the zenith?
Do you sincerely believe that she will accept a country as powerful as her at her side?
The alliances of yesterday rarely last into the morrow. Don't be naive.
If France were to recover to become the powerful nation that you describe with such passion, she would pounce on Spain in order to enslave her.
But if you push your thinking a bit further. Imagine for one second that France does collapse.
Who do you think would benefit? Who is your real adversary?
Before you rejoice at the state of France, you should be wary of Britain.
What would you gain from the downfall of France?
A region that you could annex? But that would not change the face of Spain as compared to the loss of the Americas, which would be disastrous for you.
On the other hand, having an ally such as France on the front-line against Britain is highly advantageous.
Our current squabbles will not last, Duke Manuel. Think of tomorrow.
Mr Mauras, I do not hold you in high esteem, but you do know how to convince. Your arguments are highly pertinent.
Nevertheless, Duke Manuel, I can assure you that France is preparing her renewal.
Do not bother with the details of history, write it!
France and Spain at the centre of the world.
The project is uncertain, but interesting.
But if you don't choose France as your future ally, it could also cost you dearly.
Reassure me; you would not be trying to threaten me, young man?
Nothing could be further from my mind, Duke Manuel.
I just want to warn you against making decisions, with far-reaching consequences, that could turn against you.
I have trouble believing that King Charles would endorse this sale.
Spain is a catholic country. This new continent is teeming with souls to be won for Christianity.
How do you think that the Holy See would take to a Catholic country selling off part of its possessions in the Americas to a country that has just beheaded its king?
Your American friends are protestants and you are atheists!
That is correct.
I understand your fears.
However, Pope Pius is a wise and measured man, who will endorse this project.
Count Braschi was supported by France in his appointment as Pope.
Look at the position taken by the papacy regarding the nationalisation of Church property and, especially, the Civil Constitution of the Clergy.
It took six months to react.
Exactly! And yet she was stripped bare.
It even caused a schism in the Church itself.
But no, she did not react immediately, which allowed for all the necessary changes to be quickly put in place.
What do you mean by that, Mauras?
Just that you should not concern yourself with the Pope, Duke Manuel.
Don't worry about the Holy See.
It is headed by a Pope who is very amenable. If it is the reaction of the Vatican that is preventing the sale of Louisiana, France can find the necessary funds to negotiate with Pope Pius.
You are talking of bribing a Pope?
Is that it? Have I understood correctly?!
But you are evil incarnate, Mauras!! How dare you utter such claims with respect to the Holy Father!!
The primary aim of Lord Mortimer is to restore France to what she was, sir.
What has happened is an unacceptable abomination. And I can assure you that, very soon, a new order will reign in France.
And it will put the church where it belongs, in France as well as in its colonies.
France is not atheist, Duke Manuel.
Your words reassure me.
How could you have beheaded your own king?!
Do not delay in restoring order to France.
