Someone would have let you in on the secret.
Yes, I know but...
You know what it means?...
That I am not supposed to know.
Ever since your arrival, I've seen you rushing about all over the place, apparently trying to find Sarah.
We both know how big this island is.
Even if Sarah was disguised as a bush, she would not be able to escape our vigilance for long.
You must have already found her.
She needs help, Louis. We are friends, she and I.
Won't you just tell me where she is?
I really don't know.
How do you expect me to know? I mean…
If you had been observing me, as you say you have, you would have realized that I have not found her!
Despite the size of the island!
And that makes me worry even more! I can tell you that!
Ah, well, whichever way you want to look at it, the fact is, I sincerely regret that you no longer trust me.
But that being the case, why would I do you a favor?
Never will I tell him!
Your Eminence, I wouldn't tell you anything about my mother.
Even if you tortured me I wouldn't say anything!
Listen to yourself, for heaven's sake...
You are out of your mind. I offer you my help and you accuse me of wanting to torture you...
Certainly not
Your Eminence, I am obliged not to answer you.
If even by mistake, I revealed to you all the trouble my mother had gotten herself into, I would by the same token be putting you in grave danger.
And I just wouldn't want anything to happen to you.
To me? I appreciate your concern, my son.
But you only give me all the more cause for concern.
Is he working for anyone?
Your Eminence, if I were sure that you were not asking me all these questions with the sole intention of passing on my answers to the others,
then I would be able to answer you.
Oh, Louis. How can you doubt my integrity?
Can you swear to God that you will not reveal to Lord Mortimer or Sir Gregory where my mother is located?
Well that all depends on your revelations, Louis.
You see, Sir Gregory and myself are...
Promise me before God.
Wait, no, I...
Promise before God or I will tell you nothing.
Louis, don't be...
Drop it, your Eminence.
We are unable to reach an understanding. Just... never mind.
Louis, tell me at least why you want the Clement III cross.
I am sure that you are aware that this is the cross that Lord Mortimer gave to me when we first met.
That was the day I decided to take the cloth.
It cannot be a coincidence.
Please, I beg you...  why the cross of Pope Clement?
For no reason
Why not?
Believe me, I have no particular reason.
You are lying, Louis.
How do you expect me to trust you?
No, I'm sorry, try something else! Like the truth, perhaps!
To open a gigantic door
If I told you, you wouldn't believe me...
Come, please try, my son.
The cross can help me activate a mechanism that will open a gigantic door hidden in the crypt of the manor...
... with the help of the Exegesis of Judas, the Gutenberg Bible, and some nails.
Indeed...
I trusted you, but enough is enough, Louis!
I do not appreciate being taken for a fool!
I would therefore appreciate it if you would change your tune this very instant!
To stave off evil.
Your Eminence, I sense that evil is rampant in these parts.
Help me, I need protection. Please, let me have the cross.
I beseech you!
Of course, my son. Do not fear, it will give you protection.
Never will I leave a true believer in such depravity.
To pray for my mother
I would like to pray for my mother.
She seems more than ever to need prayers from those who love her.
I am afraid of losing her to her demons, your Eminence.
I won't hide the fact that I am not reassured about her either.
Of course I shall let you have my cross.
Good Outcome
Louis, thank you for trusting me. I shall not forget it.
You can take my cross, here.
But please return it to me once you have finished with it.
Thank you, thank you, your Eminence.
You are a lifesaver.
Bad Outcome
I regret to tell you that I am unable to grant your request. The answer is no.
But fear not, I shall not abandon you.
You seem to be taking the same dark path as Sarah took here. And I know what the outcome will be.
You must leave me now, but remember that I am not abandoning you. I just need a little more time.
Trust me. I will get you out of there.
Just be strong, Louis!
Ah, Louis, come in.
Your timing is impeccable. I wanted to have a word with you.
Here we go...
What can I do for you, your Eminence?
Success
I was wondering how you were getting on in your search for our poor Sarah.
You must have made some progress, I should think?
I am terribly worried about her, you know.
Come on, get out of here, Louis, you are in a hurry...
Any news of her?
Yes
Well, I don't know if you were aware of this, but she was seen near Duchess Hillsborrow's room.
What? You mean she broke into the manor?
For goodness sakes, what is she playing at?
