No
Unfortunately not, no.
Are you sure?
He knows the answer to his question
I don't know why, your Eminence, but I get the impression you are asking a question to which you already know the answer.
Let's say I've heard rumors but I prefer to ask you the question directly...
Well, what have you heard exactly?
It would appear that your mother is implicated in the death of the Duchess' twin sister.
And that as she tried to escape, apparently von Wöllner heroically interposed, but after a fierce struggle, Sarah knocked him out.
My mother?...  and Wöllner?
Fighting like two cats in a bag?
You do recall that my mother is an old lady, your Eminence.
And yet you believe such hogwash...  I am surprised at you.
I am only telling you what people are saying, Louis.
I never said I believed it.
What a story, all the same...  twins.
I was always wary of the Duchess anyway.
I did not appreciate the facility with which she would flaunt her assets.
You know, Louis, I don't want to put you on the spot but I sense you are worried and that you are not telling me everything.
But what exactly did you come looking for in my room?
What do you mean?
Louis, I was not born yesterday, you know...
When you came in, I saw in your face a hint of disappointment at finding me here.
I concluded that you were hoping you wouldn't run into me.
You came here for something else.
No, no, you are mistaken. I was just passing by.
I shall leave you, your Eminence, I wouldn't want to take up your time.
As you wish, Louis. See you later.
I'm looking for a cross, your Eminence.
So I thought you might be able to help me.
You are asking me for a crucifix?
You wouldn't want Saint Benedict's, would you?
Success
It's the cross that's commonly used in exorcisms, isn't it?
What does he imagine I am preparing, for crying out loud?
No...  no, I'm looking for one of the crosses of Clement III.
Ah...  very well.
Well, you are in luck, I do indeed have one.
Do you think you could lend it to me for a few hours, please?
First though, you'll have to answer a few questions, my dear fellow.
It's win-win.
I thought you were more charitable, Father.
"Charity begins at home," Louis.
Actually, it's quite simple. You want my cross and I want some answers. I think we ought to get on fine, don't you?
I need that cross, but I must not speak to him about my mother at all costs!
What exactly are you involved in, Louis?
Nothing
Nothing, nothing at all. Why are you going...
Louis, if you expect anything from me at all, I advise you to tell me the truth failing which you may as well leave right now.
I don't know anything either
If only you knew. That's what I've been asking myself everyday since I came to this island.
And, well, most of the time, I haven't the faintest idea.
Louis, I understand that all this may seem unsettling to you but be patient my son.
I am sure that once you've learned the ropes, you will be like a fish in water.
Where was I now?...  Ah, yes...
String him along
Your Eminence, I'm hardly going to teach you the rules.
If you were supposed to know how I spend my days, you would already know, don't you think?
Someone would have let you in on the secret.
Yes, I know but...
You know what it means?...
That I am not supposed to know.
Ever since your arrival, I've seen you rushing about all over the place, apparently trying to find Sarah.
We both know how big this island is.
Even if Sarah was disguised as a bush, she would not be able to escape our vigilance for long.
You must have already found her.
She needs help, Louis. We are friends, she and I.
Won't you just tell me where she is?
I really don't know.
How do you expect me to know? I mean…
If you had been observing me, as you say you have, you would have realized that I have not found her!
Despite the size of the island!
And that makes me worry even more! I can tell you that!
Ah, well, whichever way you want to look at it, the fact is, I sincerely regret that you no longer trust me.
But that being the case, why would I do you a favor?
Never will I tell him!
Your Eminence, I wouldn't tell you anything about my mother.
Even if you tortured me I wouldn't say anything!
Listen to yourself, for heaven's sake...
You are out of your mind. I offer you my help and you accuse me of wanting to torture you...
Certainly not
Your Eminence, I am obliged not to answer you.
If even by mistake, I revealed to you all the trouble my mother had gotten herself into, I would by the same token be putting you in grave danger.
And I just wouldn't want anything to happen to you.
To me? I appreciate your concern, my son.
But you only give me all the more cause for concern.
Is he working for anyone?
Your Eminence, if I were sure that you were not asking me all these questions with the sole intention of passing on my answers to the others,
then I would be able to answer you.
Oh, Louis. How can you doubt my integrity?
Can you swear to God that you will not reveal to Lord Mortimer or Sir Gregory where my mother is located?
Well that all depends on your revelations, Louis.
You see, Sir Gregory and myself are...
Promise me before God.
Wait, no, I...
Promise before God or I will tell you nothing.
Louis, don't be...
Drop it, your Eminence.
We are unable to reach an understanding. Just... never mind.
Louis, tell me at least why you want the Clement III cross.
