Remember what I did
If I remember correctly, the code was 1191.
Move away
Lower the lever
Blast it...  what was that code again?... 
Of course... 
Remember what I did
If I remember correctly, the code was 1191.
Move away
Right, I've got what I need, let's not waste any more time!
... 
I ought to look a little harder...  I just can't see where else I could find the Exe-GEE-sis except for here... 
Right, I've got what I need, let's not waste any more time!
... 
I ought to look a little harder...  I just can't see where else I could find the Exe-GEE-sis except for here... 
I ought to look a little harder...  I just can't see where else I could find the Exe-GEE-sis except for here...
I ought to look a little harder...  I just can't see where else I could find the Exe-GEE-sis except for here...
Open sesame!
Open sesame!
A replica of the Crypt lock.
How could my mother have put her hand in there after she came here?
A replica of the Crypt lock.
How could my mother have put her hand in there after she came here?
Sorry, sir, but Mr Péru is not seeing visitors at the moment.
He's resting and is to see no one.
Good luck.
I have no time to lose, so I may as well not bother him.
I have no time to lose, so I may as well not bother him.
Ah, Louis, come in.
Your timing is impeccable. I wanted to have a word with you.
Here we go...
What can I do for you, your Eminence?
Success
I was wondering how you were getting on in your search for our poor Sarah.
You must have made some progress, I should think?
I am terribly worried about her, you know.
Come on, get out of here, Louis, you are in a hurry...
Any news of her?
Yes
Well, I don't know if you were aware of this, but she was seen near Duchess Hillsborrow's room.
What? You mean she broke into the manor?
For goodness sakes, what is she playing at?
No
Unfortunately not, no.
Are you sure?
He knows the answer to his question
I don't know why, your Eminence, but I get the impression you are asking a question to which you already know the answer.
Let's say I've heard rumors but I prefer to ask you the question directly...
Well, what have you heard exactly?
It would appear that your mother is implicated in the death of the Duchess' twin sister.
And that as she tried to escape, apparently von Wöllner heroically interposed, but after a fierce struggle, Sarah knocked him out.
My mother?...  and Wöllner?
Fighting like two cats in a bag?
You do recall that my mother is an old lady, your Eminence.
And yet you believe such hogwash...  I am surprised at you.
I am only telling you what people are saying, Louis.
I never said I believed it.
What a story, all the same...  twins.
I was always wary of the Duchess anyway.
I did not appreciate the facility with which she would flaunt her assets.
You know, Louis, I don't want to put you on the spot but I sense you are worried and that you are not telling me everything.
But what exactly did you come looking for in my room?
What do you mean?
Louis, I was not born yesterday, you know...
When you came in, I saw in your face a hint of disappointment at finding me here.
I concluded that you were hoping you wouldn't run into me.
You came here for something else.
No, no, you are mistaken. I was just passing by.
I shall leave you, your Eminence, I wouldn't want to take up your time.
As you wish, Louis. See you later.
I'm looking for a cross, your Eminence.
So I thought you might be able to help me.
You are asking me for a crucifix?
You wouldn't want Saint Benedict's, would you?
Success
It's the cross that's commonly used in exorcisms, isn't it?
What does he imagine I am preparing, for crying out loud?
No...  no, I'm looking for one of the crosses of Clement III.
Ah...  very well.
Well, you are in luck, I do indeed have one.
Do you think you could lend it to me for a few hours, please?
First though, you'll have to answer a few questions, my dear fellow.
It's win-win.
I thought you were more charitable, Father.
"Charity begins at home," Louis.
Actually, it's quite simple. You want my cross and I want some answers. I think we ought to get on fine, don't you?
I need that cross, but I must not speak to him about my mother at all costs!
What exactly are you involved in, Louis?
Nothing
Nothing, nothing at all. Why are you going...
Louis, if you expect anything from me at all, I advise you to tell me the truth failing which you may as well leave right now.
I don't know anything either
If only you knew. That's what I've been asking myself everyday since I came to this island.
And, well, most of the time, I haven't the faintest idea.
Louis, I understand that all this may seem unsettling to you but be patient my son.
I am sure that once you've learned the ropes, you will be like a fish in water.
Where was I now?...  Ah, yes...
String him along
Your Eminence, I'm hardly going to teach you the rules.
If you were supposed to know how I spend my days, you would already know, don't you think?
