20th of Dhou Al-Hijja -561 – waning gibbous
6th of Rajab -611
6th of Rajab -611 – waxing crescent
Previous dates
Go back
Leave
What's up, Louis?
Have you seen the inside wheels?
No...  I couldn't explain what the armillary sphere was for: now I see those moons, I understand!
You ought to ANALYZE the wheels!
Can you help me ?
Can you remind me what you did?
I started by putting the Clement III cross in the lectern...
Given that the fresco represents the birth of Christ,
I used the exegesis to find a chapter, a verse and a place corresponding to this theme...
Then I placed a nail to mark my choice in each of the three categories
The iris of the door opened and I could insert my arm...
But it was a trap! I've thought about it since...
For the cross and the nails, I am sure it's the right way...
But I made a mistake in my choice of theme: the birth of Christ was not the right solution...
The fresco was painted uniquely to mislead us!
You need to start off with the right theme, Louis!
The documents that you recovered might help you. The lexicon of the exegesis of Judas contains numerous...
And don't forget the architect's note I gave you!
Can you help me?
Sorry, but I won't speculate given what you risk...  I would never forgive myself...
You have all the elements, including the architect's note that I gave you earlier...  but above all, I have faith in you, Louis...
Quit
Exit
Alright, come on, let's get out of here...  6466 if I remember correctly...
Stay
Exit
Alright, come on, let's get out of here...  6466 if I remember correctly...
Stay
The ring of the Nibelungs
Even if Mortimer is several centuries old, I don't see what part he has in this legend.
The ring of the Nibelungs
Even if Mortimer is several centuries old, I don't see what part he has in this legend.
Reassure me, we aren't gonna have to force that one, are we?
I don't think we're even capable of doing it.
You're going to have to find a way to open it.
Why, of course...
And what's inside?
Something to vanquish them with?
Perfect.
So?
How does it open?
We'll need several keys.
I found a note from the architect who conceived the mechanism in Mortimer's secret study.
We have to first gather five objects before we try anything.
Are the five objects the keys?
Exactly.
We have the Clement III cross, the nails, the Gutenberg Bible, the Exegesis of Judas, an armillary sphere and all we need to match up the dates between the different calendars.
A cross?
Why a cross?
Well, I haven't the foggiest idea, but it just so happens that's what you are going to use to activate the mechanism.
I found the one Mortimer kept. It belonged to Cardinal Guibert, better known by the name of Pope Clement III.
Perfect, where is it?
Unfortunately, I've lost it.
When I lost my hand I went dashing out and it must have fallen from my pocket.
She ought to make an effort to remember
Remember, Mother, I'm certain you can remember.
Let me think...
You were running...
I was bleeding to death...
You remember the pain...
I thought I was going to faint.
Yes, I remember.
I don't think it can be far, can it?
Would you have lost it outside?
No, I don't think so. It must be in the area. I don't remember going up with it.
Perfect, I'll search the crypt before leaving.
Continue
Well, otherwise I can... I can always go and see Piaggi. He's... he's a cardinal after all.
But you lost it.
How do you know that?
Because I found it, would you believe that?
Well done, my son, so you've already got one of the keys.
Some nails?
Some nails?
Don't ask me, I'm not the one who made the mechanism, you know.
When I arrived, there were already a few of them inserted, so I didn't have to worry about those...
On the other hand, I remember seeing some in Mortimer's secret study, behind his nightmare.
They were in a golden cup, beside some chicken legs.
In a Golden cup, yes... Yes, I saw them too.
Perfect. It will be easy for you to find them, then.
You need three of them.
Very well.
You remember what to do about the rollers?
1191 to enter and 6466 to exit.
Of course...
The Exegesis of Judas.
An Exegesis...  Anything else?
Mmm...  You...
Did you manage to vanquish the Medusa?
To open the chimney? Yes, absolutely.
So you've already come across it. It's the Bible of Judas that is exposed in the secret room, behind the chimney.
Why do they call it an Exegesis?
Because that's what it is, and not an Apocryphal Bible strictly speaking...
It's the study of a text, with a summary, not an actual Bible.
