Anyway, well done for the Gorgon. You did well, you didn't get tricked by the light bouncing back!
Thanks...
Do you think I can take it safely?
We haven't got a choice, Louis. Without it, we won't be able to work out this cursed mechanism.
Others?
The Gutenberg Bible?
This is the book in which you left your correspondence with Duchess Hillsborrow, isn't it?
That's right.
You still believe it's in the Tower room, don't you?
I don't know, there is only one way to find out, though.
Right, I shall go and see.
An armillary sphere?
There's one in the portrait gallery.
Yes, but it's enormous.
If you don't want to have to go back and forth several times, then I suggest you get a smaller one.
What did you do then?
I didn't think I'd need one...  I started without one and I lost my hand before I did need one!
And you can see the result...
Dates?
What do you mean by: the concordance of dates, exactly?
Don't worry about that, we already have them.
They are written on the back of the message I just gave you.
Go back
That's it for my questions
So, you have the architect's note. Behind, you will find the correspondences for the dates.
Look, these are the nails we'll be needing.
As for the exegesis, that's behind the chimney, in the portrait gallery.
You'll find the Gutenberg Bible in the Tower room. It's an unoccupied room on the guest floor.
As for the armillary sphere, there's one in the portrait gallery.
Have you seen the size of it? You'll have to find a smaller one that you can carry with you.
Mr von Wöllner is there, I think, isn't he?
Indeed, he is. Do you think he might have one?
Yes, it's highly possible. He is known to have a keen interest in the occult and astronomy.
Go and see if he's got one in his baggage, you never know.
One last thing before you go.
Be very careful, if you come across anyone...
They can all potentially be spies of Mortimer or Holm.
Don't ever confide in anyone because a Demon can slip inside them at any moment.
Wait, not all of them, though. Take Washington...
Especially Washington! He's been conditioned by Mortimer for years.
Look at them, for crying out loud!
How do you explain their behavior otherwise?
The most influential politicians in the western world gather together, without the least protection...
...  without a single aide to assist them, to participate in a conference during which the guests start dropping like flies!
Me! Adams! Péru! Hillsborrow! Look at the number of calamities that have happened over the past few days.
And not ONE of them has asked to leave the island! Do you find that normal?
You'll see! Go up to the manor to look for the keys and I wager not ONE of them will speak to you about my being in Emily's room!
Do you think so?
Go on, you'll see.
And come back with all the objects in one go! Time is against us.
And remember, the code to get out of the secret office is 6466!
Reassure me, we aren't gonna have to force that one, are we?
I don't think we're even capable of doing it.
You're going to have to find a way to open it.
Why, of course...
And what's inside?
Something to vanquish them with?
Perfect.
So?
How does it open?
We'll need several keys.
I found a note from the architect who conceived the mechanism in Mortimer's secret study.
We have to first gather five objects before we try anything.
Are the five objects the keys?
Exactly.
We have the Clement III cross, the nails, the Gutenberg Bible, the Exegesis of Judas, an armillary sphere and all we need to match up the dates between the different calendars.
A cross?
Why a cross?
Well, I haven't the foggiest idea, but it just so happens that's what you are going to use to activate the mechanism.
I found the one Mortimer kept. It belonged to Cardinal Guibert, better known by the name of Pope Clement III.
Perfect, where is it?
Unfortunately, I've lost it.
When I lost my hand I went dashing out and it must have fallen from my pocket.
She ought to make an effort to remember
Remember, Mother, I'm certain you can remember.
Let me think...
You were running...
I was bleeding to death...
You remember the pain...
I thought I was going to faint.
Yes, I remember.
I don't think it can be far, can it?
Would you have lost it outside?
No, I don't think so. It must be in the area. I don't remember going up with it.
Perfect, I'll search the crypt before leaving.
Continue
Well, otherwise I can... I can always go and see Piaggi. He's... he's a cardinal after all.
But you lost it.
How do you know that?
Because I found it, would you believe that?
Well done, my son, so you've already got one of the keys.
Some nails?
Some nails?
Don't ask me, I'm not the one who made the mechanism, you know.
When I arrived, there were already a few of them inserted, so I didn't have to worry about those...
On the other hand, I remember seeing some in Mortimer's secret study, behind his nightmare.
They were in a golden cup, beside some chicken legs.
In a Golden cup, yes... Yes, I saw them too.
Perfect. It will be easy for you to find them, then.
You need three of them.
