Speak about the outer disk
There are Roman numbers, Arab numbers and town names.
Go on, I am listening.
What do you think ?
Think about the names of the towns
All the towns mentioned have something to do with Christ, haven't they?
Golgotha, Bethlehem, Nazareth...
Exactly.
Analyze the mechanism
Tell me, I imagine that once we've solved this enigma, the iris opens, right?
Exactly.
Make the connection with the nails
How many nails are needed again?
Three.
One nail per type of information, I'm guessing.
In other words?
Well, a nail must be placed on a Roman numeral, one nail on an Arabic numeral and one nail on a town.
Well done, Louis.
There are some holes
On each engraved piece of information, there is a hole.
Those are for the nails, right?
That's absolutely right.
Nothing
Frankly? Not much.
It's not going to be easy.
So start by fetching all the keys, then.
Go back
Speak about the iris
Did you succeed in opening the iris?
Yes, by putting the cross on the console and the three nails on the disk, the iris opens.
It gives access to a hole where I put my hand, thinking I could fully open the iris.
There's a handle at the bottom. And as you can see, it didn't turn out very well for me.
Speak about the blood
Mother? The dried blood, there...
Yes, yes... It's mine...
Sorry if I stained everything but I must admit that, at the time, my thoughts were more on the pain than cleaning up after myself.
Leave
I don't want to hurry you but perhaps it's time you left, Louis.
I'm going, I'm going...
Louis, stop playing with that door. Hurry up and go fetch all the keys.
Analyze the fresco
The fresco clearly shows the birth of Christ...
Louis, I can assure you that it is not the solution to this enigma!
This fresco's only purpose is to mislead, I know that now!
Please...  Focus on another theme about Christ.
I'll have to trust her...
Analyze the fresco
Yes, it's definitely a representation of the birth of Christ, but some of the details have flaked away.
I can't see any other clues...  One thing is for sure, this enigma deals with the life of Jesus, like my mother said.
Notice the details
You can see that the paint has come off in parts...  Difficult to see what was there but I can distinguish the letters N.R.I...  nothing more.
Understand the acronym N.R.I
Why, of course, they are part of the initials INRI, that you can find on the cross of Jesus at his crucifixion.
Understand the acronym N.R.I
Why, of course, INRI: Iesvs Nazarenvs, Rex Ivdæorvm ! These are the initials that stand for Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews.
This is the inscription which appears on the cross at the crucifixion of Jesus.
Go back
Deduce a theme idea
If Mortimer deliberately set a trap by showing the birth of Christ, then maybe the solution is the contrary...  The death of Christ in that case?
Go back to the main menu
Insert the nails
Hmm...  Interesting
Louis...  Be very careful. I got the same result just before losing my arm.
It works!
I hadn't seen those different wheels...  But...  I don't know, I find this theme too close to the one that I used...
Well done, Louis! I hadn't seen those other wheels...  Try connecting the theme to see if it goes all the way...
Analyze the whole door
Looks like there are three types of inscriptions...
Mother told me to put the nails in this wheel but there aren't any holes...  Maybe if I place the cross...
Find out how it works
There are three styles of writing and I've got three nails...
There must be a link...  I must surely put in one nail per category...
Read the inscription
Clearly, we have names of towns, Arabian numerals and Roman numerals...
Recognize the towns
These towns have one thing in common...  they're all related to the life and death of Jesus...
For example, Jordan is the place of the Baptism of Christ.
Go back to the main menu
Put in your hand
I can feel the lever at the bottom.
Louis, don't be a fool! I told you that using the birth of Christ was a bad idea! Don't do it!
Are you sure you've chosen the right theme, Louis?
... Good luck.
Pull the lever
I never doubted you, my son.
Checked
Take out your arm
Phew!...  That was a close one!!!
Louis...  You frightened me.
Looks like I've got another chance to find the right solution...  just barely, though!
Leave your arm in
Ahhhhhhhhh
Louis!!!!
Take out your arm
Analyze the inside wheels
There must surely be a connection between the wheels.
Analyze the wheel of the icons
There are different icons on this wheel. But it looks like some of them can't be connected to the other wheels.
Recognize the icons
I think I can make out each one of the icons apart from the one covered in blood...
