Going clockwise from the one I just mentioned, we have the halo that represents the RESURECTION...
The waves represent the BAPTISM of Jesus.
It's more difficult to identify the next one...  Maybe a crib and in that case it's surely linked to the BIRTH of Christ...  The red herring that my mother followed...
Then, a symbol represents the crown of thorns, that Jesus wore during his CRUCIFIXION.
The dove also represents the BAPTISM...  Certainly another red herring.
Then comes the symbol of the TRINITY.
And finally, the candle that must stand for the LAST SUPPER.
Analyze the number of icons
Now, given the difference between the number of icons and the number of towns, I think that only one path connects all the wheels with one another...
Let's try to connect the theme I've chosen with the rest.
Ask advice from Sarah
Mother, what do you think?
As I told you, I didn't get that far...
Nevertheless, these icons do represent moments in the life of Christ.
Go back
Go back to the main menu
Analyze the wheel of the dates
This wheel contains several symbols made up of one or two figures, and one letter.
Deduce what it stands for
The highest figure does not exceed 31 and each letter corresponds to a month of the year: A for April, M for March...
I think these symbols must represent a specific date.
Go back
Go back to the main menu
Analyze the wheel of the moons
This wheel represents the different moons.
Analyze the moons
The totally black moon corresponds to the new moon. So, going clockwise, we have:
The waning crescent
The last quarter
The waning gibbous
The full moon
The waxing gibbous
The first quarter
And lastly, the waxing crescent
The North is indicated for each of them. So, if the shadow goes from west to east, it means it is progressing from left to right...
Symbols of the moons
In the occult sciences, we represent the full moon by an X. As for the DARK moon, called the NEW MOON, in cults it's often associated with something harmful.
Go back
Go back to the main menu
Look at the mechanism
Look at this! There are notches between each of the wheels!
So I have to link the name of the town from the theme I've chosen to an icon, then to a date, and finally the date to the moon...
Go back to the main menu
Leave
Analyze the fresco
The fresco clearly shows the birth of Christ...
Louis, I can assure you that it is not the solution to this enigma!
This fresco's only purpose is to mislead, I know that now!
Please...  Focus on another theme about Christ.
I'll have to trust her...
Analyze the fresco
Yes, it's definitely a representation of the birth of Christ, but some of the details have flaked away.
I can't see any other clues...  One thing is for sure, this enigma deals with the life of Jesus, like my mother said.
Notice the details
You can see that the paint has come off in parts...  Difficult to see what was there but I can distinguish the letters N.R.I...  nothing more.
Understand the acronym N.R.I
Why, of course, they are part of the initials INRI, that you can find on the cross of Jesus at his crucifixion.
Understand the acronym N.R.I
Why, of course, INRI: Iesvs Nazarenvs, Rex Ivdæorvm ! These are the initials that stand for Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews.
This is the inscription which appears on the cross at the crucifixion of Jesus.
Go back
Deduce a theme idea
If Mortimer deliberately set a trap by showing the birth of Christ, then maybe the solution is the contrary...  The death of Christ in that case?
Go back to the main menu
Insert the nails
Hmm...  Interesting
Louis...  Be careful. I got the same result before losing my arm.
It works!
I hadn't seen those different wheels...  But...  I don't know, I find this theme too close to the one that I used...
Well done, Louis! I hadn't seen those other wheels...  Try connecting the theme to see if it goes all the way...
Analyze the whole door
Looks like there are three types of inscriptions...
Mother told me to put the nails in this wheel but there aren't any holes...  Maybe if I place the cross...
Find out how it works
There are three styles of writing and I've got three nails...
There must be a link...  I must surely put in one nail per category...
Read the inscription
Clearly, we have names of towns, Arabian numerals and Roman numerals...
Recognize the towns
These towns have one thing in common...  they're all related to the life and death of Jesus...
For example, Jordan is the place of the Baptism of Christ.
Go back to the main menu
Put in your hand
I can feel the lever at the bottom.
Louis, don't be a fool! I told you that using the birth of Christ was a bad idea! Don't do it!
Are you sure you've chosen the right theme, Louis?
... Good luck.
Pull the lever
I never doubted you, my son.
Checked
Take out your arm
Phew!...  That was a close one!!!
Louis...  You frightened me.
Looks like I've got another chance to find the right solution...  just barely, though!
Leave your arm in
Ahhhhhhhhh
Louis!!!!
Take out your arm
Analyze the inside wheels
There must surely be a connection between the wheels.
