I don't understand why Washington would let it happen... 
If Mortimer's plan succeeds, the United States will indeed double in size.
it would mean the end of the Spanish presence in North America.
If Mortimer's conference is successful, French forces on the North American continent could literally change the balance of competing armies.
I don't understand why Washington would let it happen... 
Right...  let's see if the statues are in place yet... 
Right...  let's see if the statues are in place yet... 
A Van Leeuwenhoek microscope? The most sophisticated microscope there is!
When I think of the difficulty the Order had in getting hold of one of these!
Even at the Order, it took us ages to get one of them.
A Van Leeuwenhoek microscope? The most sophisticated microscope there is!
When I think of the difficulty the Order had in getting hold of one of these!
Even at the Order, it took us ages to get one of them.
There...  those are the nails I was looking for!
Analyse the nails
I noticed they were old and rusty.
But...  but I hadn't noticed these traces of...  could that be blood?
Is...  is it really the relic of the holy cross? I can hardly believe it!
Take the nails.
There...  those are the nails I was looking for!
Analyse the nails
I noticed they were old and rusty.
But...  but I hadn't noticed these traces of...  could that be blood?
Is...  is it really the relic of the holy cross? I can hardly believe it!
Take the nails.
A painting...  It looks unfinished... 
A piece by Lord Mortimer, I presume... 
Rather avant-garde technique.
The Titan Against Men.
How ironic... 
A painting...  It looks unfinished... 
A piece by Lord Mortimer, I presume... 
Rather avant-garde technique.
The Titan Against Men.
How ironic... 
II
9
NAZARETH
XXIV
3
BETHLEHEM
XIX
2
BETHESDA
17
XIV
GOLGOTHA
13
JERUSALEM
JORDAN
ABU GOSH
I
6
V
22
Add/Remove a nail
Leave
Not too shocked?
I beg your pardon?
About Péru, this morning. I asked you if you weren't too shocked by it all.
Yes
Yes, of course, I...
I still can't believe it.
And neither can I...
How could he do that to us?
There are increasingly fewer and fewer of us on Mortimer's side. I don't see at all how we are going to win the conference.
No
I did what I could.
He made his choice. Tragic, but there it is.
He made his choice, yes, but it puts us in a very sensitive situation!
How are we going to win the conference with just the three of us?
And yourself?
And yourself? Not too shook up?
The only thing that matters to me about that stupid man Péru, is the disastrous situation in which it puts us for the conference vote.
I wonder why Mortimer even allowed him to roam around the manor armed.
He was a veritable public danger!
Indeed, you don't seem to be too affected.
Tell me, I was wondering...
Ask about the Cross
I'm in search of a Cross of Clement the third.
You wouldn't have seen one, would you?
I beg your pardon?
What are you playing at now, de Richet?
Oh, nothing, it doesn't matter...  I'll figure it out.
Ask about the armillary sphere
You wouldn't know where to find an armillary sphere, would you?
Do you really think this is the right time?
Oh, ask Wöllner, I am sure he will know...  what with him being passionate about astronomy, you ought to get on fine together!
Leave me now. I need to think of a solution...
Leave him
I won't keep you any longer.
See you later, monsieur.
Mmmm
Right, this time it'll be a lot quicker!
If I remember rightly, the code was 1191.
Right, this time it'll be a lot quicker!
If I remember rightly, the code was 1191.
Lower the lever
Blast it...  what was that code again?... 
Of course... 
