Very well.
You remember what to do about the rollers?
1191 to enter and 6466 to exit.
Of course...
The Exegesis of Judas.
An Exegesis...  Anything else?
Mmm...  You...
Did you manage to vanquish the Medusa?
To open the chimney? Yes, absolutely.
So you've already come across it. It's the Bible of Judas that is exposed in the secret room, behind the chimney.
Why do they call it an Exegesis?
Because that's what it is, and not an Apocryphal Bible strictly speaking...
It's the study of a text, with a summary, not an actual Bible.
Anyway, well done for the Gorgon. You did well, you didn't get tricked by the light bouncing back!
Thanks...
Do you think I can take it safely?
We haven't got a choice, Louis. Without it, we won't be able to work out this cursed mechanism.
Others?
The Gutenberg Bible?
This is the book in which you left your correspondence with Duchess Hillsborrow, isn't it?
That's right.
You still believe it's in the Tower room, don't you?
I don't know, there is only one way to find out, though.
Right, I shall go and see.
An armillary sphere?
There's one in the portrait gallery.
Yes, but it's enormous.
If you don't want to have to go back and forth several times, then I suggest you get a smaller one.
What did you do then?
I didn't think I'd need one...  I started without one and I lost my hand before I did need one!
And you can see the result...
Dates?
What do you mean by: the concordance of dates, exactly?
Don't worry about that, we already have them.
They are written on the back of the message I just gave you.
Go back
That's it for my questions
So, you have the architect's note. Behind, you will find the correspondences for the dates.
Look, these are the nails we'll be needing.
As for the exegesis, that's behind the chimney, in the portrait gallery.
You'll find the Gutenberg Bible in the Tower room. It's an unoccupied room on the guest floor.
As for the armillary sphere, there's one in the portrait gallery.
Have you seen the size of it? You'll have to find a smaller one that you can carry with you.
Mr von Wöllner is there, I think, isn't he?
Indeed, he is. Do you think he might have one?
Yes, it's highly possible. He is known to have a keen interest in the occult and astronomy.
Go and see if he's got one in his baggage, you never know.
One last thing before you go.
Be very careful, if you come across anyone...
They can all potentially be spies of Mortimer or Holm.
Don't ever confide in anyone because a Demon can slip inside them at any moment.
Wait, not all of them, though. Take Washington...
Especially Washington! He's been conditioned by Mortimer for years.
Look at them, for crying out loud!
How do you explain their behavior otherwise?
The most influential politicians in the western world gather together, without the least protection...
...  without a single aide to assist them, to participate in a conference during which the guests start dropping like flies!
Me! Adams! Péru! Hillsborrow! Look at the number of calamities that have happened over the past few days.
And not ONE of them has asked to leave the island! Do you find that normal?
You'll see! Go up to the manor to look for the keys and I wager not ONE of them will speak to you about my being in Emily's room!
Do you think so?
Go on, you'll see.
And come back with all the objects in one go! Time is against us.
And remember, the code to get out of the secret office is 6466!
Louis, I already told you.
Quickly go and find the cross, the nails, the Bible, the Exegesis and an armillary sphere.
The lantern is already in the right position, turned toward the shield... 
The lantern is already in the right position, turned toward the shield... 
That statue is not positioned correctly.
Swivel the statue round
Toward the hero with the Shield
Toward the hero with the Sword
The Gorgon always attacks the best protected.
Toward the hero with the Lantern
Go back
Move away
That statue is not positioned correctly.
Swivel the statue round
Toward the hero with the Shield
Toward the hero with the Sword
The Gorgon always attacks the best protected.
Toward the hero with the Lantern
Go back
Move away
Shield toward the sword.
That's good, the statue is already in the right place.
Shield toward the sword.
That's good, the statue is already in the right place.
Sword toward the Gorgon, that's good, it's in the right place.
Sword toward the Gorgon, that's good, it's in the right place.
Given all the relics preserved here, it wouldn't surprise me if Mortimer claimed it is Excalibur.
Given all the relics preserved here, it wouldn't surprise me if Mortimer claimed it is Excalibur.
The Bible is still there!
The Bible is still there!
A hand of tarot cards.
Read the hand.
The Emperor, symbol of power and stability.
Temperance which expresses a reward.
And the Chariot... that evokes triumph.
If this hand is anything to go by, Mortimer's destiny promises to be glorious..
