I'm not going to let you question me like this!
Assure her that Mortimer will grant her an estate
Madam, just think about what we might gain by following Father!
You just stop right there!
I don't know what's come over you but you're going to have to pull yourself together right now!
Now leave me. You've given me a migraine and I'd like to be alone.
Right, just drop it, there's no hope for her...
Don't lose it, Louis. Leave what happened on the wharf behind and don't let yourself be overwhelmed by anger!
Concentrate on the conference... You are here only for the conference!
Come on!...
Duchess?
Enter, Louis. You've timed your arrival perfectly, my dear friend.
I was about to come and see you.
Am I dreaming or is she making out that nothing happened...
Madam, I am here for the conference. But I would like to make it clear that I have not forgotten what happened on the wharf.
So I would like to get straight to the point without wasting a second.
Louis, I was hoping...
Wrongly!
I'm only here now because I wasn't given any choice.
I would like to know which way you'll go for the vote.
I shall vote against Mortimer's project, of course.
Darn it...
No!
You will vote for!
I beg your pardon?
Yes, you are going to vote for and I'm going to tell you why!
What can make her change her mind?
Threaten her
You are going to vote for, otherwise once back on the continent, I shall hand you over to the authorities for the murder of Sarah de Richet!
You are aware that she's Sir Gregory's guest.
My poor friend, you are off your game.
I understand your pain following Sarah's death, but you've got nothing on me.
And I don't know where you think you are going with this attempt to intimidate me, but I really must tell you that it's simply pathetic.
But... I...
Shut up!
You have no power over me!
Make her think they've all changed sides
You are going to vote for Mortimer because it's in your interest to do so.
My god, whatever next?
How far will you go with your devotion toward Sir Gregory?
Don't bother trying, Louis. You won't convince me.
Even if I tell you that all the guests have turned and that you're the last one?
You're bluffing...
You think so?
Wöllner would never go against Holm!
I admit it wasn't easy.
How the devil did you...
I'm only here to warn you...
What do you think will happen to you if you're the only one against him?
Well... I...
I don't think he will tolerate it, madame.
If you persist, you will  be putting yourself in danger.
I can't believe it....
How is it possible?
What should I tell him, then?
Will you be voting for him?
Of course.
How could it be otherwise...
Tell him that it will be a great honor for England to support him in such an extravagant venture.
Guarantee him Mortimer's victory.
Duchess, if you remain with Sir Gregory, you will lose everything.
Mortimer is on verge of winning all the votes and if by misfortune you are the one who makes him lose this conference, frankly I would not like to be in your shoes.
Oh, Louis.
Seeing you try such trickery, you must be really desperate...
No... it's...
My poor friend... I am sure that if you asked Sir Gregory, he would welcome you among us.
Seeing you like this just makes me so sad.
Mind reading
...
Hey...
That's strange, I can't pick up any thoughts...
Well, it seems like we're finished here.
Is there something you wanted to speak to me about?
I have some something important to tell you.
And please try to keep calm.
I want you to know the truth because I see you here among us drowning in total ignorance and it sincerely makes me sad.
What on earth are you talking about?
Oh, Louis, please don't start shouting!
Very well, Emily.
Very well, Emma.
Sorry for losing my temper.
What did you want to speak to me about?
Ah, that's more like it. Well...
Well... I...
What I wanted to tell you is...
Yes?
That you might...
What?
That you made a mistake here when you believed I was Emily.
What... You...
I am Emma, Louis.
And that's not all.
I'm Mortimer's daughter as well.
So we are brother and sister
Wh... But...
I'm also a Daemon.
There, now you know everything...brother.
I feel better. I didn't want there to be any lies between us.
How do you feel? Are you alright?
I was worried you'd take it the wrong way...
