Yes, you're right...
No, not at all
No, no. It's what I was given to believe while in conversation with him.
Ah, well that is good to know...
Of course, I get on well with Lord Mortimer but I don't want people thinking I'm playing on both sides of the fence.
You must have misunderstood, that is all.
Of course, you're probably right.
You can't fool me
My Lord Duke, I never once dreamed of you playing on both sides of the fence but I was given to understand that you and Lord Mortimer do have a few interests in common.
But... I...
I don't know what on earth you are talking about.
Lord Mortimer and myself may agree on a number of subjects but I am and shall always remain loyal to Sir Gregory.
You see, there is no reason to think that I could ever side with Mortimer.
Oh! That's a pity, he was going to make you an offer...
What are you talking about?
Make yourself clear, I do not understand you.
[MINDREADING]
This doesn't seem like the way Mortimer normally proceeds.
I'll know if he's lying or not by what he has to offer!
Offer him 50 000 Louis d'or.
Well, Lord Mortimer was willing to offer you a small fortune as compensation for the risks involved.
He wants to buy me?
What kind of a man does he take me for?
Damn it, this doesn't seem to be the right approach...
Please excuse me, I must have misunderstood.
I hope so, because I am not the kind of man to be tempted by any sum of money, monsieur, no matter how generous!
His gratitude
Well, if you supported Lord Mortimer in his project, he would be extremely grateful.
And we both know what it means when Lord Mortimer has a particular fondness for someone.
I... Monsieur Bonaparte, I do not know what to say.
Thank Lord Mortimer for his offer.
Bonaparte, you surprise me. I fail to understand where you are going with this.
You know very well
Come on, my Lord Duke.
We both know very well what we are talking about.
I thank you for not wasting my time.
I never dreamed of it, monsieur.
I have a fair idea as to your presence here but for some reason... something doesn't seem quite right...
Propose an alliance with France
You see, Lord Mortimer had intended you to form an alliance with France very shortly and...
I shall stop you right there!
Form an alliance with you? Are you serious?
Listen, Bonaparte, with all due respect I do not think you realize what you are saying.
I would never form an alliance with France.
To tell the truth, even if by I-don't-know-what magic spell I changed sides and followed Lord Mortimer in his folly, I still would not form an alliance with France!
That makes it clear, at least.
I... I am somewhat lost, to tell the truth. And this just isn't like you.
I wonder if... it really is you, in fact...
What?
You're just fishing around, because you're the one who's changed sides!
What? What on earth are you talking about?
You're working for Holm, admit it!
No I'm not, don't be ridiculous...
He's asked you to flush out the traitors in his team, hasn't he?
Of course he hasn't...
Admit it!
[MINDREADING]
I'm sure he's lying!
I cannot make out what it is, but something is very wrong here...
I will not fall into a trap!
No, I'm telling you!
Come Duke Manuel, you're mistaken.
I've always served Lord Mortimer loyally!
I do not know what's wrong with you today, but you are behaving most strangely...
It's true, I confess
Well, yes! I confess!
And I've found you out, Godoy!
If you don't confess this minute, I will denounce you to Sir Gregory!
I suspected as much!
I was sure that...
Mmm.. no... wait... you are lying!
You are decidedly a very bad actor...
But I don't understand what you are up to...
France is following Mortimer, not Holm
Come, Godoy, you're getting yourself in a muddle with all your speculating!
The only true patron of France is, and always has been, Lord Mortimer!
I know... but something doesn't feel right and I cannot put my finger on it...
But let's assume...
It's wrong, I'm a man of my word
Are you joking?!
Upon my honor, I urge you to believe that I am not the sort to play on both sides of the fence, monsieur!
Very well, very well!
There's no point getting on your high horse!
If you are really working for Mortimer, why did he task you to question me like this?
[MINDREADING]
I do not understand!
If he really, really is here on behalf of Mortimer, all he would have to do is to tell me the code we agreed upon...
Whatever happens, if he doesn't say "hummingbird", it means I've fallen into a trap!...
Mortimer needs to know if he can count on you
Lord Mortimer trusts you, my Lord Duke.
But with all that's been going on, I admit he needs to feel supported.
And as you're a man of great qualities, in his opinion, he simply wanted to make sure that you will still support him.
Ah... now I understand.
I'm his right-hand-man
I'm his right-hand-man. I'm the one who takes care of any delicate matters.
You?
I would have thought that it would have been young de Richet, or President Washington.
Louis? Are you joking?
De Richet? That skinny runt?
Not on your life! Mortimer isn't mad, you know!
