Come, let's not...
You are twenty minutes late, without the least excuse...
I'm risking a lot, monsieur, you seem to forget!
Please excuse me.
Well?
What did you want to see me about?
So, let's see whose side he's really on...
I wanted to be sure you were still going to vote for Mortimer as planned.
Mortimer?? What the devil are you talking about, Bonaparte?
I 'm on Holm's side and I intend to vote against Mortimer's project.
[MIND READING]
What on earth is wrong with him?
He seems very odd...
I know you are working for Mortimer
Come, my Lord Duke, you can't fool me.
We both know that you will follow Mortimer when it comes to the vote.
My young friend, I don't know what's wrong with you but you're out of your mind.
I came here upon Sir Gregory's invitation and I intend to bury this ludicrous idea of selling Louisiana.
Louis De Richet told me
Yet that is what de Richet claims.
De Richet?
But... I... I don't understand, what does he have to do with it?
This is insane! You mean de Richet is spreading this rumor about me?
Indeed
That's right. Apparently you are some sort of double agent, if you will forgive me.
But he's mad, my word!
If Holm gets wind of it I'll be a dead man!
The imbecile is going to get me into serious trouble!
Well, well. It seems my Lord Duke is panicking...
But let me assure you, no one believes a single word of what he says.
Are you sure?
Frankly, has anyone taken him seriously since he arrived?
Yes, you're right...
No, not at all
No, no. It's what I was given to believe while in conversation with him.
Ah, well that is good to know...
Of course, I get on well with Lord Mortimer but I don't want people thinking I'm playing on both sides of the fence.
You must have misunderstood, that's all.
Of course, you're probably right.
[CONVICTION] You can't fool me
My Lord Duke, I never once dreamed of you playing on both sides of the fence but I was given to understand that you and Lord Mortimer do have a few interests in common.
But... I...
I don't know what on earth you're talking about.
Lord Mortimer and myself may agree on a number of subjects but I am and shall always remain loyal to Sir Gregory.
You see, there is no reason to think that I could ever side with Mortimer.
That's a pity, he was going to make you an offer...
What are you talking about?
Make yourself clear, I don't understand you.
[MINDREADING]
This doesn't seem like the way Mortimer normally proceeds.
I'll know if he's lying or not by what he has to offer!
Offer him 50 000 Louis d'or.
Well Lord Mortimer was willing to offer you a small fortune as compensation for the risks involved.
He wants to buy me?
What kind of man does he take me for?
Darn it, this doesn't seem to be the right approach...
Please excuse me, I must have misunderstood.
I hope so, because I'm not the kind of man to be tempted by any  sum of money, monsieur, no matter how generous!
[POLITIQUE] Propose an alliance with France
You see, Lord Mortimer had intended you to form an alliance with France very shortly and...
I shall stop you right there!
Form an alliance with you? Are you serious?
Listen, Bonaparte, with all due respect I don't think you realize what you are saying.
I would never form an alliance with France.
To tell the truth, even if by I-don't-know-what magic spell I changed sides and followed Lord Mortimer in his folly, I still wouldn't form an alliance with France!
That makes it clear, at least.
His gratitude
Well, if you supported Lord Mortimer in his project, he would be extremely grateful.
And we both know what it means when Lord Mortimer has a particular fondness for someone.
I... Monsieur Bonaparte, I don't know what to say.
Thank Lord Mortimer for his offer.
Bonaparte, you surprise me. I fail to understand where you are going with this.
[MANIPULATION] You know very well
Come, my Lord Duke.
We both know very well what we are talking about.
I thank you for not waste my time.
I never dreamed of it, monsieur.
I have a fair idea as to your presence here but for some reason... something doesn't seem quite right...
I'm somewhat lost, to tell the truth. All this just isn't like you.
I wonder if... it really is you, in fact...
What?
You're just fishing around, because you're the one who's changed sides!
What? What on earth are you talking about?
You're working for Holm, admit it!
No I'm not, don't be ridiculous...
He's asked you to flush out the traitors in his team, hasn't he?
Of course he hasn't...
Admit it!
[MINDREADING]
I'm sure he's lying!
I can't make out what it is, but something is very wrong here...
I won't fall into a trap!
No, I'm telling you!
Come Duke Manuel, you are mistaken.
I have always served Lord Mortimer loyally!
I don't know what's wrong with you today, but you are behaving most strangely...
[LOGIQUE] France is following Mortimer, not Holm
Come, Godoy, you are getting yourself into a muddle with all your speculating!
The only true patron of France is, and has always been, Lord Mortimer!
I know... but something doesn't feel right and I can't put my finger on it...
