AH! Excuse me, I was expecting someone else.
Monsieur Godoy, do you have a moment?
Your timing's awkward, de Richet, I'm expecting someone.
I haven't time, please leave me.
Very well, I won't insist...
Looks like he only wants to speak to Bonaparte.
I know what I have to do if I want to speak to him !
Ah, Louis! I... was getting impatient.
So tell me, have you been able to speak to everyone?
Absolutely.
And? Did you find a... a traitor in our midst?
Before I go any further, I'd like to talk about Emma.
Yes, what's wrong?
She is ill, Uncle.
She needs help, she cannot reasonably take part in the conference.
What do you mean?
Louis, I know that what happened recently was difficult for Emma but do you realize what you're asking of me?
Sir, she is completely out of her mind.
Even if you asked her to vote, you wouldn't be able to guarantee she will vote for you.
She's locked herself in an absurd fantasy world.
I implore you, don't make her do this.
Well, I can see there is great kindness in you, Louis, but I'm afraid...
Make her leave. Find an institution that can help her, please sir.
You don't need her to win the vote.
Whatever happens, I'm with you and I can assure you of my vote. We can't lose.
Very well.
I have always attached great importance to our family and even though it saddens me to confess it, I must agree with you that the poor girl is in a very bad way.
I will tell William that I'm removing the Duchess from the conference and that he must organize her departure right away.
Will that satisfy you?
Well, Emma has become deranged since the death of her sister...
She thinks we're going to get married and...
I'll take care of her. It's the after-effects which are only to be expected. I'll go and see her, rest assured.
That will be perfect.
Thank you, Uncle.
So?
Are you going to tell me if there is a traitor amongst us?
Any news of Piaggi?
He's a traitor
If I were you, I wouldn't count on Cardinal Piaggi.
The scoundrel!
I've given him everything and this is how he thanks me!
I wouldn't be surprised if he and my father have been close allies for a long time.
He'll get what's coming to him!
He is not a traitor
You can count on him...
As always!
And President Washington?
Can we count on him?
Washington is a traitor
Unfortunately, President Washington has changed sides.
I must admit it comes as no surprise.
My brother has always followed him and I was expecting this reversal.
Washington is not a traitor
Mr President is maintaining a favorable position towards us.
Well, that's as surprising as it is pleasant to hear!
Can we trust Emma?
Emma betrayed us
Emma won't be voting for you...
I saved her life! If it weren't for me, she would have died when Sarah shot her!
I'm the one who arranged her healing!
Apparently she...
I should have left her to die!
She doesn't deserve our blood!
Emma did not betray us
Emma? She's on your side of course!
Yes... She is a valued asset...
What's your opinion of Duke Manuel?
Godoy is a traitor
Duke Manuel won't be supporting us.
How dare he!
If it weren't for me, he wouldn't be where he is today!
I had to trick him in order to make sure.
I passed inside Napoleon so that he would talk to me.
Congratulations, Louis!
I see you're not one to stop at half measures.
I pretended that I was only checking he was still working for Mortimer.
And he confessed?
He was suspicious right to the end, but yes, he ended up giving himself away and conceded he was working for your brother.
The scoundrel!
Godoy is a traitor
I... I wouldn't trust him...
Right... so that's your intuition.
Godoy is not a traitor
He is a loyal and faithful friend of your cause...
I never once doubted him!
Can I count on Emily?
Yes, she is with us!
Yes, she's on your side.
I was right to trust her...
I don't know if it's of any importance but Father has given her a bodyguard...
A servant dressed in black?
Yes, is... is this detail important?
I hope not...
We'll see.
No, Emily betrayed us
Against all odds, I think she will join the opposing side.
The traitor! She will pay for this!
I can't believe it!
And... Von Wöllner.. what's your feeling about him?
Wöllner is trustworthy
