What about you? What do you think of him?
Honestly, I no longer know who to believe.
The only one I really trust is you.
So I shall follow you this time.
Perfect.
Let's carry on pretending, we'll follow him in his project, and then, when the time comes, we'll lay down our cards.
He won't even see it coming!
So I can count on you for the conference vote then right?
You can.
I shall support Mortimer's project.
Perfect.
Anyway, I won't keep you any longer.
See you later for the vote.
Yes, see you later.
Emma?
Come in, Louis...
What can I do for you?
What with the conference soon upon us, I... I would have thought that...
You are absolutely right!
I wanted to wait a bit before talking to you, but as you are here...
I've been thinking about what we shall do once we get back.
How to arrange the house, prepare the rooms for the children... Yes, I want three and the first one will be a boy.
We shall call him Louis, like his father.
Oh man, this just keeps getting worse...
She's drifting deeper into madness.
I ought to help her!
Right, I can't exactly leave her like this...
Let alone allow her to be manipulated for the sake of this cursed conference.
Mortimer has to help her!
Please excuse me, Madam.
Just remembered I've got something to do...
Come back quickly, my love.
I... I'll see you later, Madam.
I must warn Mortimer that she can't go on like this. I'm sure he can help her.
Just too bad! She's got what she deserves!
It would almost be sad if she didn't entirely deserve it!
She wanted to play and she lost! I'm not gonna save her!
Anyway, we'll have time to talk about it later.
Regarding the conference, as we are going to vote against Mortimer's project, I thought you ought to warn Sir Gregory.
No, wait...
I'm sure he'll reserve you a prime seat at his side.
No, you don't understand...
What do you mean?
I intend to vote for Mortimer
I came to see you because I want to let you know that I'll be voting in favor of Mortimer's project.
I beg your pardon?
And I wanted to find out if you'd be willing to follow me...
With Mortimer?
You can't be serious, Louis!
Never will I follow him! Must I remind you he abandoned me when your mother tried to kill me!
Persuade her to vote for Mortimer
Emma, I think it will better if we sided with Father.
I'm sure he'll be very grateful to us.
Over my dead body!
I will never side with him! He might be my progenitor, but I refuse to follow him!
What has she got against Mortimer?
Emma, I admit he's not perfect, but what exactly is your problem with Father?
My problem?!
He never cared about us! Open your eyes!
Take a look at the opulence around you! Don't you think our lives would have been better if he had given us just a second of his attention?
Emily and I grew up in the streets!
Yes, we made it out of there, but we've only got ourselves to thank!
The Bloomsbury orphanage for young girls!
We were punished so often we were afraid to put a foot wrong... it was hell!  Hell, Louis!
Then, petty scams and tricks to pay for a miserable room where we had to spend half the night shooing away rats!
It took us ten long years before we managed to get into high society, ten years to get noticed by the queen.
And not once did he reach out to help us!
And to top it all, when I finally agree to set foot on his island and Sarah leaves me for dead, what does he do?
Maybe he didn't know...
Nothing! He did nothing!
If Gregory hadn't tended to me, I would have died that very night!
Oh, I can see he's keen to cozy up to you, but for his daughters, for me, not a gesture... Nothing!
Not even a word!
Listen, we're wasting our time, we are not going to vote for Mortimer, that's all there is to it!
The man is sly. He has no scruples at all, and I refuse to pass on any of my credibility to him.
Subject closed!
Right... this is not gonna be easy...
What could possibly make her change her mind?
Pretend that you'll leave her if she doesn't vote for Mortimer
I don't know where this is going to lead, but let's play along with her little game...
Look, you need to get a grip on yourself...
I refuse to oppose Father.
We shall vote in favor of Mortimer's project or I'll leave you.
No, Louis, that's enough!
I won't tolerate this kind of behavior!
You'd better get a grip on yourself this minute!
Let it go, tell her to go to hell!
Right, listen, that's enough, you're making no sense!
Forget it, I'll manage on my own.
And while I'm at it, forget you ever saw me. And I'll do likewise.
Pardon, Louis?
I want nothing more to do with you, am I making myself clear?
Stop it! I'm fed up with your tantrums!
Stop acting like a child!
Promise to have children with her
Emma, I really think that if we follow Father, we'll be able to do even bigger projects.
Imagine... You, me, our children, and Father, brought together by a common goal.
I... Our children?
Yes, our children.
Don't you want children?
