He's thoroughly committed to your cause, without a shadow of a doubt!
I never doubted him but... best to be sure!
Talk to him about the letter found
He is on your side...
However, it seems that Mortimer feels certain he can get him to change his mind.
You mean, blackmail him?
That's impossible...
I don't know, but I thought it wise to warn you...
Yes... I see.
Wöllner is a traitor
We can't count on von Wöllner...
Pardon me?
I know that it will come as a shock to you but...
The little coward! I've always said he was a weakling!
Thank you, Louis, for all this information.
I only hope what you say is right. The consequences could be horrific.
That is what we are likely to see...
William has moved his pieces!
If that's how it is, it's my turn now!
What are you going to do?
Show him that I am not going to be outdone!
Prepare yourself...
It won't be long before the conference begins. There's just enough time to briefly go over it once more with my guests.
Let us meet in the conference room when the time comes.
Have you seen everyone?
Please leave me now, Louis.
Please leave me now.
My friends, here we all are.
We... are about to definitively shelve Lord Mortimer's absurd project regarding Louisiana.
It will only take one of you to oppose it and we have won.
The vote is to be held shortly so we must keep our guard up.
I'm sure Mortimer's preparing something.
Don't worry, Sir Gregory. Nothing can stop us now.
Beware, Johann. We mustn't underestimate him.
So I'll ask you to return to your rooms and stay there until the conference.
And if one of Mortimer's team comes knocking at your door, no matter what, do not open it under any circumstance!
Don't give them the opportunity to manipulate you!
Is that clear?
Understood.
Good.
Count on me.
As you wish.
Right, let us adjourn...
Er, Louis, stay a... a moment, if you would.
I need to speak to you.
Yes, what can I do for you?
I've known my brother for a long time. I'm sure he has a plan.
I'd like you to go and see each member of our group and make sure they remain loyal.
He fears my father's reaction...
Do you think my father is going to try to turn some of them to his side?
Turn them or get rid of them, I don't know.
Don't intervene
One thing's for sure, I doubt William will give up without a fight, he'll try something.
I'll keep him busy while you check on all of our group.
Can I trust you?
Of course...
If there is a traitor in our group, find out who it is, Louis!
Find them then come back and let me know, I'll deal with them personally.
I want a landslide victory! I want to teach William a lesson!
And bring that ridiculous Godoy back over...
Now that you've persuaded him to switch to Mortimer's side, it would be preferable to bring him back quickly.
We'll still need him and I don't want him going down with Mortimer.
Very well, it will be done.
Wait a minute... Isn't the Duchess supposed to be here?
No, no, she's, er... resting in her... in her room.
I confess I'm a little worried about her mental health.
She's going through a very difficult time at the moment and I wouldn't want my brother to exploit her fragility.
I'll go now.
Thank you, Louis. See you in a while.
It's time to get going...
Monsieur Bonaparte...
Leave me, thank you!
Monsieur Bonaparte...
Louis!
Do you want something?
Yes, for you to test the duke's loyalty, since he'll only speak to you.
Well...
Whatever it is, I haven't the time.
The conference will shortly begin and I want to be focused, sorry.
Come back and see me afterwards.
I see I haven't much choice...
I have no time to spare!
Leave him
I'll be leaving you.
See you later.
Take control of his body
Seeing as Godoy will only talk to Bonaparte and Bonaparte will talk to no one, I have no other choice but to borrow his body...
Nothing personal here, Napoleon!
Look, I'm sorry!
This conference is of utmost importance to me and I should like to be prepared for it.
Concentrate, Louis...
You don't mind if I sit down, do you?
I don't want to fall flat on my face when my spirit passes inside you...
No, I don't think you've understood, de Richet...
Link into his thoughts, Louis. Come on.
I said I did not want to be disturbed...
That's it, I sense something...
What word in "leave me alone" do you not understand?
Come on, just keep going and get inside his mind...
NOW!
