Mortimer persuaded me in the end
Honestly, it took me many hours of discussion with Lord Mortimer, Monsieur Bonaparte, and others, for me to get the big picture.
All the same, you might have told me!
I'm sorry, I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable.
At first, I was just trying to find arguments against them... but the image of an American nation, hand in hand with France...
Yes... alright fine, let's move on.
Listen... I must apologize once again...
But it's not too late.
Louis, listen, this is the last time you'll be dragging me into any such schemes.
You realize you are playing with the destinies of nations!
For goodness sake, grow up young man!
You're right, Mr President.
I cannot apologize enough.
Please, come back to us.
Of course I shall come back.
But from now on, please keep me out of your shenanigans!
I promise, Mr President.
And try to stick with one opinion, at least until the vote.
You have my word.
Good. Now leave me, I have work to do.
What brings you here, Mr President?
My Lord Duke... My apologies for being late...
What? A Frenchman who apologizes?
Decidedly, my stay here has never ceased to uncover surprises...
So? Have you any more information about de Richet?
What do you mean?
Are you joking? We agreed you would check to see if de Richet really has changed sides!
Oh, that, yes indeed, it appears that he's been brought over to Sir Gregory's side.
The traitor! He pushed me into turning against Sir Gregory to finally follow him himself!
It's a fiasco...
There are fewer of us than on the first vote!
How do you expect to win all the votes? It's getting worse and worse!
Dammit, we are ruined!
Don't you think Lord Mortimer has a last minute plan?
I think he's pretending to have a plan, just to save face, but really the game is over!
He will never be able to persuade all of Holm's supporters!
He must have found out something
If you want my opinion, he must be hiding something!
The villain! I was hoping he was just absent or busy snooping around all over the place in search of his mother!
No, it would seem he really has joined Sir Gregory.
I have a bad feeling about this.
I know what you mean!
I wager he knows Mortimer is going to lose the vote!
Don't you think we ought to think about ourselves and make sure we don't end up on the wrong side?
What? You would be prepared to leave Mortimer as well?
What do you say?
I refuse to be made a laughing stock!
The Golden Order has dropped Mortimer
De Richet has dropped us! It's time we moved on!
The Golden Order has turned against us!
You are too impulsive, Napoleon
There is still President Washington.
But it won't take much for him to turn too!
No, I do not see Washington leaving Mortimer.
No... I am not convinced, sorry.
Don't you have any more information?
If that is the case, I am voting for Holm as well!
I think you're right, my Lord Duke!
After all, Sir Gregory was my first choice...
Exactly...
But until then, not a word to anyone for safety's sake, I think it's preferable!
Yes, you're right!
And we'd better not stay together, someone might see us.
Good luck, my Lord Duke!
Likewise!
Ah! There you are at last, Bonaparte!
My Lord Duke...
What a typically French attitude!
Come, let's not...
You are twenty minutes late, without the least excuse...
I am risking a lot, monsieur, you seem to forget!
Er... Please excuse me.
Well?
What did you want to see me about?
So, let's see whose side he's really on...
I wanted to be sure. You are still going to vote for Mortimer as planned ? Yes ?
Mortimer?? What the devil are you talking about, Bonaparte?
I am on Holm's side and I intend to vote against Mortimer's project.
[MIND READING]
What on earth is wrong with him?
He seems very odd...
I know you are working for Mortimer
Come, now, my Lord Duke, you can't fool me.
We both know that you will follow Lord Mortimer when it comes to the vote.
My young friend, I do not know what's wrong with you but you are out of your mind.
I came here upon Sir Gregory's invitation and I intend to bury this ludicrous idea of selling Louisiana.
Louis De Richet told me
Yet that is what de Richet claims.
De Richet?
But... I... I do not understand, what does he have to do with it?
This is insane! You mean de Richet is spreading this rumor about me?
Indeed
That's right. Apparently you're some sort of double agent, if you will forgive me.
But he's mad, my word!
If Holm gets wind of it I will be a dead man!
The imbecile is going to get me into serious trouble!
Well, well. It seems my Lord Duke is panicking...
But let me assure you, no one believes a single word of what he says.
Are you sure?
Frankly, has anyone taken him seriously since he arrived?
