Very well. I'll be about my business. I will find out exactly how this happened!
Thank you for informing us, Louis.
I shall inform everyone that his Eminence has had to return to the continent for personal reasons.
I must ask you to keep it to yourself.
Say nothing
Good.
I'll be leaving you now, I must get back to my study.
Let us resume our activities. Gregory will inform us once he's made progress.
Time is of the essence, come back to me the minute you've finished what you started.
What's going to happen to Wöllner ?
If von Wöllner is the murderer, what's gonna happen to him?
He may be Gregory's son, but if he hasn't departed within the hour, I'll take care of him myself. It will not be pretty.
A lifetime as a masked servant should cleanse him of the desire to commit an act like that ever again in my house.
How will Holm find out the truth?
How can you be so sure that Sir Gregory will find out the truth?
I'll ask you to adopt a different tone with me, if you please.
I'm not one of those halfwits who blurt out the first idea that comes into their heads.
And I thought you had understood that we have very efficient means of finding out the truth, Louis.
It's not in my brother's interest to try and cover up such an act.
Not in my house.
He knows the rules and what they stand for.
Your Eminence?
...
Your...
Goddammit! Your Eminence!
Damn...
I can't feel his pulse...
He's dead...
What the hell is going on here...
I must absolutely let Mortimer and Holm know.
Can you tell us how you found him, Louis?
I went to speak to him about the conference, I knocked on his door.
As there was no answer, I went in and I saw him exactly where he is now.
I took his pulse but it was too late.
William?!
Nothing to do with me, Gregory, if that's what you mean.
And you?
Of course not, poor Giuseppe was with me. I had no interest in getting rid of him.
Louis?
Me? Of course not!
No, I thought as much.
I was wondering if you had any idea about what might have happened.
Say nothing
No, I don't know what happened.
Are you sure?
Yes, I haven't the faintest idea of who did this.
Well... we'll take care of it now. Thank you for letting us know, Louis
I shall inform everyone that his Eminence has had to return to the continent for personal reasons.
I must ask you to keep it to yourself.
Wöllner had threatened him.
I know who might have held a grudge against him.
Who's that?
Well... it's awkward...
You can talk in front of me, Louis.
I gave no such order and if it concerns one of my guests, I need to know their identity.
Well, there's Mr von Wöllner...
Johann?
Continue, Louis.
Why do you think Johann would have had a grudge against his Eminence?
I heard him making threats.
When he tried to attack me earlier, Piaggi stepped in and Mr von Wöllner swore he would get even.
Gregory!
Wait,  William!
You mustn't judge Johann prematurely!
Under my roof?!
William! If Johann has anything to do with this tragedy, I demand the right to take care of it personally!
He knew the rules and I will not tolerate him attacking a guest like this!
I'm asking you to let me handle it!
Permission granted.
Don't make a mess of it, though, or I'll take care of him personally.
I'll be off then. I need to know exactly how this happened!
Thank you for informing us, Louis.
I shall tell everyone that his Eminence has had to return to the continent for personal reasons.
I must ask you to keep it to yourself.
Say nothing
Good.
I'll be leaving you, got to get back to my study.
Let us resume our activities. Gregory will inform us once he has made progress.
Time is of the essence, come back to me once you've finished what you started.
[CONVICTION] How will Holm find out the truth?
How can you really be sure that Sir Gregory will find out the truth?
I'll ask you to adopt a different tone with me, if you please.
I'm not one of those halfwits who blurt out the first idea that comes into their heads.
And I thought you had understood that we have very efficient means of finding out the truth, Louis.
It's not in my brother's interest to try and cover up such an act.
Not in my house.
He knows the rules and what they stand for.
What's going to happen to Wöllner.
If Wöllner is the murderer, what will happen to him?
He may be Gregory's son, but if he hasn't departed within the hour, I'll take care of him myself.
A life as a masked servant should cleanse him of the desire to commit such an atrocious act here in my house.
I took mental control of Manuel Godoy
I convinced Manuel Godoy
I failed to convince Manuel Godoy
I convinced Johann von Wöllner
I failed to convince Johann von Wöllner
I convinced Giuseppe Piaggi
I failed to convince Giuseppe Piaggi
I convinced Lady Hillsborrow
I failed to convince Lady Hillsborrow
