While we all thought he was running around after his poor mother, he was actually accomplishing the tour de force of winning us all over, one after the other.
You're the only one left, Johann.
And I daren't imagine what Mortimer will do if he finds out you are against him. Because from now on you're on your own!
Good luck...
No, wait!...
Good Outcome
I... I hear you.
Honestly, betraying Gregory is... Well, it's unthinkable...
Unless I simply don't have any choice...
Yes! He's finally cracked!
What do you mean?
I mean...if...if no one supports Gregory before my turn to vote, I will vote for Mortimer.
But if anyone else votes for Gregory, I will be his strongest advocate!
Is that clear?
Crystal clear!
Thank you, Manuel!
Thank you for warning me...
You're welcome. There is nothing more natural between allies!
I did what I could. Now, it's up to you.
As for me, I'll vote for Mortimer!
Good luck to you!
Good luck...
Bad Outcome
Now you're going to listen to me, you filthy traitor!
Not only do I count on voting for Holm, but once we've won the conference, it will give me great pleasure to track down all those who betrayed him and make them wish they were never born!
Is that clear?
Perfectly.
But I did warn you...
That's right, now get out of here!
Good luck...
Dammit! That's not going to please Mortimer...
I need to talk to von Wöllner.
Blast it! Holm is with him.
Gentlemen.
Louis. I'm sorry but we are waiting for Duke Manuel.
If you wouldn't mind leaving us, I should think you already have enough to do as it is.
Very well. I didn't mean to disturb you.
Just my luck! He'll only talk to the Duke...
Right, we'll have to fix that...
Here comes von Wöllner!... With Holm, of course!
The scoundrel wastes no time!
Louis, what are you doing here?
I promised you I would take care of Mr von Wöllner.
Everything's under control, don't worry.
Let me speak to him!
Now, now, I told you, I will take care of Johann personally.
Believe me, even though it pains me, he will pay the price.
Now we're waiting for Duke Manuel, so would you leave us, please?
Very well.
But you'd better keep your word, sir.
That is certainly my intention.
They're waiting for duke Manuel... No doubt to make him change sides!
All right, if they want him, then they'll get him...
I need to talk to Wöllner.
Blast it! Holm is with him.
Gentlemen.
Louis. I'm sorry but we are waiting for Duke Manuel.
If you don't mind leaving us, I should think you already have enough to do as it is.
Very well. I didn't want to disturb you.
Just my luck! He will only talk to the Duke...
Right, we'll have to fix that...
They are waiting for Godoy... No doubt to make him change sides!
Right, they are going to have him! Very opportune...
Here comes Wôllner!... With Holm, of course!
The scoundrel wastes no time!
Louis, what are you doing here?
I promised you I would take care of Mr von Wöllner.
Everything's under control, don't worry.
Let me speak to him!
I told you, I will take care of Johann personally.
Believe me, even though it pains me, he will pay the price.
Now we are waiting for Duke Manuel, so leave us alone, leave.
Very well.
You had better keep your word, sir.
That is certainly my intention.
They are waiting for Godoy... No doubt to make him change sides!
Right, if they want him, they are going to get him!
Do you trust him?
Yes
Yes, I do.
I'll follow him because, well, I think he can teach us a thing or two.
I understand.
Never! And I will bring him down
Listen Emily, I don't know if I should tell you this but...
You know, whatever you might say, I can assure you you have nothing to fear from me.
I will never trust him! Never! He's a liar and a born manipulator.
I don't believe a single word he says, he systematically presents the facts to his advantage.
I am persuaded he'd be capable of getting rid of anyone, just as soon as they're no longer of any use to him.
His vision of human management is simply sickening.
Anyway, I don't know what he's preparing but one thing is sure, I will do my utmost to bring him down.
Well, you do indeed keep your cards pretty close to your chest, don't you...
Don't say anything, Louis
Er... I don't know. It's hard to say.
He's our father, he has started to initiate me, and he's been pretty fair so far...
... now that said, you can't say he's gone about gaining my trust in the best possible way.
Am I imagining things or is she interrogating me?
What exactly are you playing at?
What do you mean?
Why are you asking me all these questions?!!
Just calm down, now.
