You can count on Cardinal Piaggi.
Ah, perfect.
I had a feeling old Giuseppe would be able to follow me.
Godoy
You can count on Duke Manuel's vote.
Now I am impressed.
I would never have thought the duke would have yielded.
I see you must have been very persuasive.
Wollner
You can count on Mr von Wöllner.
Really?
Well, I must admit I'm stunned at your success there.
I truly believed he would never betray Gregory.
Duchess Hillsborrow.
The duchess will follow us.
She will? Marvelous.
Why didn't he tell me she was his daughter?
But why didn't you tell me we were brother and sister?
Now Louis, don't blame me.
I thought, as you were going through a very difficult time, that you had enough on your plate without having to cope with having a new sister.
Otherwise, you can be sure I would have told you sooner.
Say nothing
The thing is, Emma has become deranged since the death of her sister...
I thought... in short, she thinks we're going to get married and...
I'll take care of her. It's the after-effects which I think are only to be expected. I'll go and see her, rest assured.
Thank you, Father.
Washington
President Washington is going to side with you after all.
Ah! I was sure that was all a misunderstanding.
Very good.
I see. So we are going to lose the vote...
Father, I'm sorry... I...
No, I should never have let you handle it!
It's my fault!
I thought you would be able to accomplish this tour de force but clearly you weren't ready!
What an idiot I've been!
Apologize
I'd like to apologi...
And, for crying out loud, stop apologizing!
You are my son! You never apologize! Not even to me.
Say nothing
...
Never mind... let's forget the conference!
Now, I have to prepare for what's coming next.
Louis, leave me, if you will.
Listen, Louis, congratulations for what you've just accomplished.
It's not perfect but it's still quite a feat.
But not enough, given that the vote must be approved unanimously.
We're going to lose...
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
If it's just one vote I can take care of it, even if Gregory is doing all he can to distract me.
You'll take care of it?
Yes, we're not going to lose over just one vote.
I couldn't have been any more persuasive myself. You've done the hardest part, I'll take over now, don't worry.
Assemble everyone in the conference room.
Yes, sir.
Meet me there, and let's get it over with.
So, go and take care of your mission, and come back and see me once you've accomplished it, Louis.
Your Eminence, would you have a moment?
I shouldn't really, Louis... As you can imagine.
Rest assured, I come just as a friend.
Alright then, Louis, but be quick.
Thank you, your Eminence.
No matter how I look at it, between my affection for you and the conference...
I can't hide my disappointment at your changing sides, Louis.
With all due respect to Lord Mortimer, how could you follow him like this?
I understand your disappointment, your Eminence, but I have good reason to.
Ah! It's got nothing to do with it but...
You... You didn't come and see me in my room a few hours ago, did you?
Hmm... does he remember anything?
Er... Oh, no. No, I'm sorry.
You must be mistaken, I've been speaking to Lord Mortimer in his study.
I... I must have dreamed it then...
It seemed so real.
Don't blame yourself, your Eminence, we're all exhausted, I can assure you of that.
That's very kind of you, Louis.
I don't know what's wrong with me at the moment, but I feel rather fragile.
Poor man seems terrified. It'd be a good idea if I reassured him a little, before trying to get him to change sides.
What did you want from me exactly?
(MIND READING) Read Piaggi's mind
It was so real...
I... I don't understand it.
Oh Lord, are you going to test me again?
God be with you
Your Eminence, don't worry over such small matters.
God sees you and knows the value of his servants.
Thank you, my son.
You've worked all your life to spread the good word.
Don't worry, your Eminence.
I'm sure you'll find the answer to your dreams. God is with you and he will show you what you need to know.
You are right, Louis.
Thank you for your kind words.
What does he remember exactly?
If you don't mind me asking... What did you dream of, your Eminence?
It's rather confusing, Louis.
You were here... as well as Mr von Wöllner...
But no... it's... it's impossible!
What is it?
No, no, nothing!
