Speak for yourself.
Hahahaha! Come on, Johann, don't make me laugh. He has never thought of you as his son.
I'd wager that you'd always hoped he would one day, even though he treated you like a master treats a usefull slave.
He is at best... a mentor.
Stop me if I'm wrong.
...
Go back.
But tell me, why do you want to follow Mortimer all of a sudden?
Mortimer is planning something.
We don't know everything, he must have something up his sleeve to be so confident.
Ah, really? And what do you think that might be?
[MINDREADER]
Let's see what he knows...
How the devil did he find out that I'm Holm's son?
He will kill anyone who opposes him
He intends to get rid of all those unwilling to give their support to him.
You can't be serious! Look, you've seen as well I have who's here, haven't you?
This is insane...
Johann... One thing is certain. Mortimer never gives in.
I think he is perfectly capable of making a clean sweep and starting over again if he thinks he has no other options...
After all, who would complain? People everywhere crying out against oppression?
But... These conferences take place according to rules! Have you forgotten?
We are talking about Lord William Mortimer here...
Do you really believe he would stop at breaking a few rules?
No, no, probably not.
He can control all of us
Mortimer is a Daemon, Johann! We have no chance of winning with Gregory...
Do you have any idea what you are talking about?
I know how it sounds, but I'm asking you to believe me!
He can take control of any one of us, Johann and...
Shut up! I don't know how you found out, but hold your damn tongue!
I know what Mortimer is.
And Holm is one too! And they are not the only ones, believe me!
He has already had dealings with people above us
All of this is just a show.
He has contacted all those we represent...
What do you mean?
That everything is already decided in higher spheres...
William Frederick... the king of Spain, the Pope, William Pitt...
I don't understand...
Lord Mortimer has invited those who work in the wings of power to take a hand in swaying the decisions of those who actually hold it.
Everything is already played out! He has already won!
But how is this possible?
We've all underestimated him!
He's fooled us... we're done for...
Look, it all hinges on the next few hours, Johann...
Mortimer has enough to blackmail Sir Gregory
I've heard things.
What are you talking about?
It would seem that Lord Mortimer has Sir Gregory under his thumb! He has something on him that frightens him.
What on earth are you talking about?
I'm not sure but I'm convinced that Holm won't go through with total opposition, and in the end, he will do whatever Lord Mortimer tells him to.
All of this is just a facade so he doesn't lose face! Holm is like a cornered rat!
Listen, I haven't the foggiest what you are spouting on about but Sir Gregory has never been afraid!
I don't know what you're playing at, Godoy, but this isn't the kind of argument that's gonna make me follow you!
Look, I hear everything you're saying but there is no chance that Mortimer can make us all change sides.
That is why, Sir Gregory can but win! You understa...
Think again. It's already too late...
[MINDREADER]
I'm getting a bad feeling!
There's only you left
Now, you're the last one left...
Your loyalty toward Gregory is honorable but no longer makes any sense.
If you don't change your mind you'll be venturing into dangerous waters for no valid reason...
Unless it's to win...
Yes, but at what price?
Think of all those who... who will be hostile toward you afterwards... Just think about it rationally a minute...
Prussia has nothing directly at stake, so why put your position or your life in the balance...
I'm leaving Holm
As for me, I can no longer follow Sir Gregory.
If I claim the contrary, it's only to avoid any reprisals. But the situation really is just too risky...
Fear... You are guided by fear!
Well... When you think the future of entire nations is at stake here...
Filthy traitor!
All the guests already serve Mortimer!
We have all joined Lord Mortimer. That leaves only you and...
And that will suffice for us to win the conference.
I see you coming, Manuel... That is no argument!
I am no damn lackey!
De Richet has persuaded all of them of to join Mortimer
That clever De Richet turned them all against...
What the...
All of them... One by one he somehow persuaded them to join Mortimer.
But... no... no, that's impossible!
It looks like all of us have seriously underestimated him...
While we all thought he was running around after his poor mother, he was actually accomplishing the tour de force of winning us all over, one after the other.
You're the only one left, Johann.
I dare not imagine what Mortimer will do if he finds out you are against him. Because from now on, you're on your own!
Good luck...
No, no, wait!...
Good Outcome
I... I hear you.
Honestly, betraying Gregory is... Well, it's... it's unthinkable...
Unless I simply don't have any choice...
Yes! He's finally cracked!
What do you mean?
I mean... if... if no one supports Gregory before my turn to vote, I will vote for Mortimer.
But if anyone else votes for Gregory, I will be his strongest advocate!
Is that clear?
Crystal clear!
