I'm not trying to squeeze anything out of you at all.
You're getting all worked up. Calm down or you'll make yourself ill.
You really ought to get some rest.
I'm sorry, you have to excuse me.
It's true, I... I guess I'm a little... well, on edge.
After what we've been through, I can understand.
Here, take this, it will do you good.
Ah... alright. You still don't trust me, do you?
You think I'm interrogating you?
Look, we may as well stop right here in that case.
After everything we've been through together, I can see you still don't trust me.
It's nothing new either... you didn't want to tell me about the relationship between Sarah and my sister, when you found their letters in the tower room.
Please, leave me now, I would like to be alone.
Come on, don't take it like that...
I'm asking you to leave!
Wait, you...
GET OUT!
Damnit, I didn't even get a chance to talk to her about the conference...
What about you? What do you think of him?
Honestly, I no longer know who to believe.
The only one I really trust is you.
So I shall follow you this time.
Perfect.
Let's carry on pretending, we'll follow him in his project, and then, when the time comes, we'll lay down our cards.
He won't even see it coming!
So I can count on you for the conference vote then, right?
You can.
I shall support Mortimer's project.
Perfect.
Anyway, I won't keep you any longer.
See you later for the vote.
Yes, see you later.
You wanted to know if we spoke?
Well, let's just say he didn't stick around long but yes, I can definitely say we spoke.
What did you talk about?
Do... do you wanna talk about it?
He urged me to change sides and join him.
Uh... that's not what I was expecting...
Yes, you can't say Father allowed himself to get sentimental...
That is the least you can say...
And what did you answer?
That I needed to think about it.
[PSYCHO] And how did it go?
And did it go alright?
I imagine you spoke about yourselves?
He confirmed what Sir Gregory told me, that he really is my father...
That he didn't know I was his daughter until a short while ago...
Yet they've known each other for a long time
But if I remember rightly, you said this isn't the first time you've been entertained here.
You knew each other before, didn't you?
Yes, that's true.
He told me he didn't know the exact nature of our relationship until a short time ago.
And if it will reassure you, I'm generally pretty good at reading people and I can tell when they're lying...
With him, it's impossible to know what's real and what's not.
Don't insist
And how are you? Did you take it alright?
To be honest, I don't know.
I feel like I've lost all my bearings.
And what about me, then...?
Do you trust him?
Yes
Yes, I do.
I'll follow him because, well, I think he can teach us a thing or two.
I understand.
[IF DAEMON HUNTER] Never! And I will bring him down
Listen Emily, I don't know if I should tell you this but...
You know, whatever you might say, I can assure you you have nothing to fear from me.
I will never trust him! Never! He's a liar and a born manipulator.
I don't believe a single word he says, he systematically presents the facts to his advantage.
I'm persuaded he'd be capable of getting rid of anyone, just as soon as they're no longer of any use to him.
His vision of human management is simply sickening.
Anyway, I don't know what he's preparing but one thing is sure, I will do my utmost to bring him down.
Wow, you do indeed keep your cards pretty close to your chest, don't you...
[DIVERSION] Don't say anything, Louis
Er... I don't know... It... it's hard to say.
He's our father, he has started to initiate me, and he's been pretty fair so far...
Now that said, you can't say he's gone about gaining my trust in the best possible way.
Am I imagining things or is she interrogating me?
What exactly are you playing at?
What do you mean?
Why are you asking me all these questions?!!
Just calm down, now.
I'm not trying to squeeze anything out of you at all.
You're getting all worked up, calm down or you'll make yourself ill.
You really ought to get some rest.
I'm sorry. You'll have to excuse me...
It's true, I... I guess I'm a little... well, on edge.
After what we've been through, I can understand.
Here, take this, it'll do you good.
Ah... alright. You still don't trust me, do you?
You think I'm interrogating you?
Look, we may as well stop right here in that case.
After everything we've been through together, I can see you still don't trust me.
It's nothing new either... you didn't want to tell me about the relationship between Sarah and my sister, when you found their letters in the tower room.
Please, leave me now, I would like to be alone.
Come on, don't take it like that...
I'm asking you to leave!
Wait, you... just...
GET OUT!
Damnit, I didn't even get a chance to talk to her about the conference...
