What are you saying, Louis! I don't follow you!
You are not really suggesting that...
Oh I don't need to suggest anything.
The situation seems clearer by the minutes...
Louis, it's not what you think!
I owe William everything! It's thanks to him that I took the holy orders!
Off come the masks, your Emininence...
I beg you, try to understand!
I owe him a favor!
Of course you do...
Louis, I haven't any choice!
You don't say no to Mortimer! You know this very well!
If you ignore him, you'll sooner or later pay the price!
I see.
He just has to ask and you give in.
I beg you! Don't say a word to Sir Gregory or I'm done for!
In the name of your mother, I implore you to keep it to yourself!
Promise to say nothing
Very well.
I promise I won't say anything.
Oh thank you, Louis!
I knew I could trust you!
Sarah would be proud of you...
Don't push it, your Eminence.
Yes, of course.
Well, I'll be going.
I've got things to do.
See you in a while...
Promise nothing
Your Eminence, you've only got yourself to thank for the situation you're in.
Don't count on me to get you out of it.
I'm not promising anything here.
But... I...
What...
Goodbye, your Eminence.
I'll see you at the conference.
Promise him you'll speak to Holm about it.
I'll make you a promise, your Eminence!
Oh, thank you, Louis...
I promise that nothing and no one will keep me from revealing every traitor to Holm!
What... but... no!
Louis... I...
I'll see you at the conference!
Goodbye!
And what if Holm has been double-crossed?
You don't think Sir Gregory could have been duped at the last minute, do you?
Sir Gregory?!
Certainly not!
You don't know him very well if you think he wouldn't have seen a betrayal coming.
I can assure you, there is nothing to be worried about, my friend.
Fine, you are probably right...
Don't worry, we shall win the vote, you'll see!
Is there anything else you wanted to speak to me about?
No, that's all.
I'll be leaving now.
See you later, my son.
You've known Mortimer for a long time, haven't you?
I... I was just wondering, exactly how long have you known Lord Mortimer?
Well!
What are you suggesting, Louis? Are you losing your mind or what?!
You haven't answered the question…
I refuse to play at this game! And I'll ask you to stop making such inappropriate assumptions!
I might well have known Lord Mortimer for a very long time, but we have never mixed business interests with our personal affections.
Fine, no need to get upset, your Eminence.
It was just a question...
Well, your question is wrong!
Understood.
On that note, if you don't mind I'll be going, your Eminence.
Perfect! Please do!
Your Eminence?
Oh, Louis... What can I do for you?
Not too nervous about the conference?
Even if I add Lord Mortimer's reaction into the equation, I must admit I don't know how we can lose.
It will only take one of us to vote against his project and the idea will be definitively dropped.
Knowing Mortimer, I wouldn't be surprised if he still had a few tricks up his sleeve.
You are thinking about something?
[MINDREADER]
Dear God, I am doomed!
He knows!
He knows I'll be voting for Mortimer.. but how?
The scoundrel! He's a traitor!!
[MANIPULATION] You could betray Holm, for example.
Well, maybe he has managed to motivate some of Sir Gregory's supporters to vote for his project, for example?
I... No, you can't be serious.
Do... do you know anyone capable of that, Louis?
Yes, I do indeed know someone.
Who then?
Double dealing cheat! So you're the mole!
Do you really want me to tell you, your Eminence?
What do you mean? I'm not sure that I understand.
Confess!
I think you know better than anyone who would be capable of pretending to be on Sir Gregory's side while secretly planning to openly betray him.
Really, Louis! I don't follow you!
You are not really suggesting that...
Oh I don't need to suggest anything.
The situation seems clearer by the minute, on the contrary...
Louis, it's not what you think!
I owe William everything! It's thanks to him that I took the holy orders!
Off come the masks, your Emininence...
I beg you, try to understand!
