Oh I can see he's keen to cozy up to you, but for his daughters, for me, not a gesture... Nothing!
Not even a word!
Listen , we're wasting our time, we are not going to vote for  Mortimer, that's all there is to it!
The man is sly.  He has no scruples at all, and I refuse to pass on any of my credibility to him.
Subject closed!
Right... this is not going to be easy...
What could possibly make her change her mind?
Pretend that you'll leave her if she doesn't vote for Mortimer
I don't know where this is going to lead, but let's play along with her little game...
Look, you need to get a grip on yourself...
I refuse to oppose Father.
We shall vote in favor of Mortimer's project or I'll leave you.
Ah, Louis, that's enough!
I won't tolerate this kind of behavior!
You'd better get a grip on yourself this minute!
Let it go, tell her to go to hell!
Right, listen, that's enough, you're making no sense!
Forget it, I'll manage on my own.
And while I'm at it, forget you ever saw me. I'll do likewise.
Pardon, Louis?
I want nothing more to do with you, am I making myself clear?
That's enough! I'm fed up with your tantrums!
Stop acting like a child!
[CONVICTION] Promise to have children with her
Emma, I really think that if we follow Father we will be able to do even bigger projects.
Imagine... You, me, our children, and father, brought together by a common project.
I... Our children?
Yes, our children.
Don't you want children?
Yes... yes! Of course I do!...
I didn't know you had even contemplated it, to be honest...
Play on the “family reunion”
I know it won't be easy for you, but my dream is to bring our family back together.
Play on the children
I want our children to know their grandfather.
You can understand that, can't you?
Drop it, don't commit yourself!
Yes... yes! Of course I can!...
Even though it pains me, I must admit your dream is highly commendable.
Louis, I am touched. I didn't really think you believed in us...
Seriously... what insight...
Forgive me... I know I can come across as being a little abrupt at times.
But rest assured that my intentions are sincere.
Louis, that's wonderful... we are going to be so happy!
That's right... off we go...
What on earth am I getting myself into here?...
As a sign of reconciliation, might you vote for Father's project... at the conference?
All right, Louis. He will have my vote...
Perfect!
You'll have to excuse me, I've some things to take care of. The preparations for the conference are terribly time-consuming and...
Of course, off you go, my love.
I shall think about where we should set up home.
I want a pretty estate where our children can grow up in complete safety, surrounded by the delights of nature...
Good, please do, madam.
I'll be going...
[LOGIQUE] Promise to marry her
Emma, marry me!
You... wh... what did you just say?
Once all this is over, marry me!
Your husband is old, at death's door! I know it's just a sham.
Once he's gone, marry me!
But... I thought... you were so closed off toward me....
I know, I can sometimes be surly and aloof, please forgive me.
Yes.
Yes, you accept?
Yes!
I want to marry you!
Deliver the killing blow!
However, Madam... I've a request to make.
If you say yes, you'll make me the happiest man alive.
Go on, you can ask me, Louis.
I want us all to be reunited at our wedding.
Father included.
Use emotional blackmail
I can't get married without our father being there.
I beg you to forgive all his sins...
Stop everything, this is going too far!
Louis, it's...
Madam...
Please. Give him another chance, I am certain he'll take it!
What are you suggesting?
I don't know....
Vote for his project at the conference, for example?
It will show he can count on you and that we are a real family, united!
Louis, I....
It's a lot to ask...
I know...
Alright.
You'll vote for his project?
Yes!
If it can bring us together, I'll do it. And he will give me his arm to walk up the aisle.
Thank you, madam!
I'll run along to tell Father.
I'll meet you later.
Yes, see you later, my love.
Dammit, what have I gotten myself into now?
[INTERROGATOIRE] Find her weakness
Emma, what happened to you?
Speak to me...
You just stop right there!
