You did it yourself.
A word of advice. In the future - oh, that is if you have one - don't drink someone else's cup of tea without checking what's in it.
Father! What happened?!
Sir Gregory, what's the matter?
William, what have you done?...
Not Now!
You... you are mad, William...
Father will... Father... will... punish you for... for this...
He will probably try...
Unless I get to him first.
But... I cannot... die...
No, you cannot die.
You are however losing all sense of reason...
As well as all your special abilities.
Wh... What... What did... I... drink?
Can't you guess?
There are but few things that can have such an effect on such as we.
You would know that if you ever ventured, even a little way, off of Father's beaten track.
I... revenge...
Oh! No, my dear Gregory.
You will not be taking any revenge. You will die stupidly, alone, enclosed in that rather withered body.
Help... help me... help...
After several centuries of near-absolute power, here you find yourself on your hands and knees, hoping in vain that someone is going to help you. Tell me, what does that feel like?  Never happened to me. Can't be good.
You cannot leave your body, you cannot project yourself elsewhere, you cannot even contact Father. Go ahead, try...
You're just going to bleed to death here in the middle of my lounge.
But you are my brother so I ask you to remember that all this is your own fault, and I want you to understand I get absolutely no pleasure out of it. Well, very little.
Y... you s... swine!
A new order is born today, brother.
Enough of Father's hegemony.
After all these years of servitude, I can finally stand up and oppose it!
You chose to serve him whatever his excesses. Now it's up to you to face the consequences of that choice.
Poor... m... mad!
I... am... stronger than... than you!
My friends, here we are at last, gathered together to close this conference.
I would first of all like to thank you all for making the time to be here and lend your services.
Gregory, I believe I may speak for both of us, when I say that we are honored by your presence here.
You... you are perfectly right to do so, William.
Thank you... for putting your faith in us and for coming here to participate... in this conference.
Thank you for helping us make... the best decisions.
And I especially want to thank you, William.. for... for... perfectly hosting us at your home during these past several days.
I'm not sure all the guests would agree to that...
In any case, Holm doesn't seem to be himself...
I would like to add that unfortunately, Monsieur von Wöllner has  been called away at the last moment and will not be able to participate in the vote.
And that is not all...
Duchess Hillsborrow will also not be voting.
The poor woman has suffered a lot of upheaval lately.
As she was feeling quite poorly, she apologizes, but she preferred to return to the continent.
Emily...
I hope it's nothing serious?
Don't worry, Mr President.
I had someone escort her. The duchess simply needs rest and now she is in good hands.
And finally...
Cardinal Piaggi has also decided to leave us and will not be able to attend the conference.
 I say, Sir Gregory, you are beset by bad luck.
Indeed, one would think that I am hounded by ill fortune.
As you will have noticed, Monsieur Péru is also absent.
Good, I think we can begin.
You will vote in turn on the question that interests us today.
Are you FOR or AGAINST the transfer of ownership of Louisiana from Spain to France?
Monsieur de Richet?
VOTE FOR
I vote FOR.
VOTE AGAINST
I vote AGAINST
Duchess Hillsborrow?
FOR
AGAINST
FOR
AGAINST
Duke Manuel?
FOR
Damn!... I didn't realize he was also a traitor...
AGAINST
Your Eminence?
FOR
But... I...
Gregory, please...
AGAINST
Monsieur Napoleon?
FOR
AGAINST
Mr Von Wöllner?
FOR
What?! But...
Gregory!
Please refrain from interrupting the voting!...
AGAINST
President Washington?
FOR
VOTE AGAINST
And finally, Monsieur de Richet?
My turn...
VOTE FOR
I vote FOR.
"And while they were eating, he said, "Truly I tell you, one of you will betray me.""
VOTE AGAINST
I vote AGAINST.
So be it...
Now, the votes are cast...
The project is therefore approved...
