Well at least that's clear.
Holm's the one who's going to be delighted about this reversal...
I'm sorry for you.
Good luck and see you later at the conference.
See you later.
Ah, Louis.
Come closer, I'm warming myself up.
I was unfortunate enough to step outside and now I'm freezing...
SUCCESS
I wonder what he's been doing outside.
Something to do with what Holm asked of him maybe...
He's back from the landing stage...
Damn, he must have gone to deposit Al Azif for someone to pick up...
(default)
So, tell me, my friend, what can I do for you?
And this is the scumbag that tried to poison me...
DON'T TAKE REVENGE
HIT WOLLNER
Are you insane?
What's the matter with you?!
Shut your mouth!
But... I...
Next time you want to attack someone, at least have the courage to do it to their face...
Instead of poisoning them when they're helpless!
To be honest, I should have slit your throat...
Since you went crying to Gregory, he's expelled me from the island.
I have one hour to leave!
Oh, isn't that a pity, so now you're not staying for the conference, huh?
You've got your revenge!
If I stay, I'm a dead man and you know it!
You certainly won't find me complaining..
Don't insist
And if I ever see you again, you can be sure I won't miss my chance to pay you back double.
I knew you'd bring me bad luck!
I've lost everything because of you!
I wouldn't complain, you're still alive.
That said, I wouldn't expect King Frederick William to support you much longer.
I curse you!
Why did he do it?
But before you leave, tell me: why did you suddenly want to kill me?
You are just Mortimer's son!
So what?
Precisely! Yet here they are, both of them, bowing and scraping to you!
I had to follow Gregory for ten years in the hope that he would initiate me!
What are you, jealous of me?!
Mortimer ignores you for years, and then he enthrones you ten minutes after you are introduced!
I am Holm's son and he still hasn't taught me anything!
I am a Daemon too! And if they didn't hold me back, I would certainly be one of the best!
Better than you!
I guess we'll never know now...
I curse you!
Really. I thought you preferred poisoning people while they were unconscious!
That rascal Piaggi told you!
I knew it. I should have gotten rid of both of you!
The result: now, I'm asked to leave the island!
I wouldn't complain, it's a small price to pay!
Now, get out!
You won't be taking it with you to heaven, de Richet!
Yeah, yeah! And good luck in the future without the support of Sir Gregory!
I curse you, you bastard!
His Eminence couldn't hold his tongue, I see.
Anyway, I have no regrets! He got what he deserved!
What do you mean?
Oh, you don't know?
You'll see, I've put together a little surprise for you!
Careful, von Wöllner, you're playing with fire here!
Oh, you think you can frighten me?
You're forgetting who I serve!
You have no power over me!
His Eminence couldn't hold his tongue, I see.
I knew I should have gotten rid of the old codger! I should have known he would give me away!
I'll get him!
I think you're forgetting whose house you're in.
Please, Lord Mortimer will never let you harm one of his guests, not under his own roof.
Sir Gregory has tasked me with making sure that all his allies don't change their minds over the conference...
MINDREADING
Dammit, it drives me mad!
How can Father doubt my loyalty to him for a single second?
I have always been devoted to him, body and soul!!...
Who are you going to vote for?
Are you still going to vote for Sir Gregory?
Did he ask you?
I knew it...
You need have no fear. I've always been loyal to him.
Very well.
And what proof do you have?
Absolutely none.
And I couldn't care less about convincing you.
On that note, see you later perhaps.
What a scumbag...
I know he killed Piaggi.
All those that are still alive, at least.
I know you killed him...
I beg your pardon?
Piaggi.
You're the one who killed him...
But... I...
I didn't say anything.
But I know it was you.
So, I'll see you later at the conference, and don't make any more stupid mistakes.
