I owe him a favor!
Of course you do...
Louis, I haven't any choice!
You don't say no to Mortimer! You know this very well!
And if you ignore him, you'll sooner or later pay the price!
I see.
He just has to ask and you give in.
I beg you! Don't say a word to Sir Gregory or I'm done for!
In the name of your mother, I implore you to keep it to yourself!
Promise to say nothing
Very well.
I promise I won't say anything.
Oh thank you, Louis!
I knew I could trust you!
Sarah would be proud of you...
Don't overdo it, your Eminence.
Yes, of course.
Well, I'll be going.
I've got things to do.
See you in a while...
Promise nothing
Your Eminence, you've only yourself to thank for getting into this situation.
Don't count on me to get you out of it.
I'm not promising anything.
But... I...
What...
Goodbye, your Eminence.
I'll see you at the conference.
Promise him you'll speak to Holm about it.
I'll make you a promise, your Eminence!
Oh, thank you, Louis...
I promise that nothing and no one will keep me from revealing every traitor to Holm!
What... but... no!
Louis... I...
I'll see you at the conference!
Goodbye!
Maybe he has turned some of Holm's guests
Let's say it wouldn't be impossible for Mortimer to influence some of Holm's supporters so they vote in favor of his project.
Come, Louis.
You don't really mean that!
And if it were like that, I can assure you that Sir Gregory would have noticed.
You are worrying over nothing.
Very well.
Then everything is fine, then.
Better safe than sorry, right?
You are right, and frankly, you have absolutely nothing to fear.
Perfect.
Allow me to leave you then.
I am expected.
Of course, please do.
[LOGIQUE] You've known Mortimer for a long time, haven't you?
I was wondering, exactly how long have you known Lord Mortimer?
Well!
What are you suggesting, Louis? Are you losing your mind or what?!
You haven't answered the question...
I refuse to play at this game! And I'll ask you to stop making such inappropriate assumptions!
I might well have known Lord Mortimer for a very long time, but we have never mixed business interests with our personal affections,
Very well, no need to get upset, your Eminence.
It was just a question...
Well, your question is wrong!
Understood.
On that note, if you don't mind I'll be going, you Eminence.
Perfect! Please do!
And what if Holm has been double-crossed?
You don't think Sir Gregory could have been duped at the last minute, do you?
Sir Gregory?!
Certainly not!
You don't know him very well if you think he wouldn't have seen a betrayal coming.
I can assure you, there is nothing to be worried about, my friend.
Fine, you are probably right...
Don't worry, we shall win the vote, you'll see!
Is there anything else you wanted to speak to me about?
No, that's all.
I'll be going.
See you later, my son.
Mister President, would you have a minute to spare?
Of course, Louis.
What can I do for you?
I wanted to make sure that you're still with us.
Since Mortimer has to convince everyone to follow him to win the vote, well, I expect he'll try bringing you over to his side eventually.
I won't lie, William did make a point of speaking to me.
And?...
He has always supported me, Louis.
I've been thinking long and hard about this. I know I said I would vote for Holm, but I've been reconsidering.
I'm sorry but I won't be following you this time round.
Well at least that's clear.
Holm's the one who is going to be delighted about this reversal...
I'm sorry for you.
Good luck and see you later at the conference.
See you later.
Mister President, would you have a minute to spare?
Of course, Louis.
What can I do for you?
I wanted to make sure that you are still with us.
Seeing as Mortimer has to convince everyone to follow him to win the vote of his own conference, I expect he will try to bring you over to his side.
I won't lie, William did make a point of speaking to me.
And?...
He has always supported me, Louis.
I've been thinking long and hard about this. I know I said I would vote for Holm, but I've been thinking.
I'm sorry but I won't be following you this time round.
