But let's assume...
[SUBTERFUGE] It's wrong, I'm a man of my word
Are you joking?!
Upon my honor, I urge you to believe that I am not the sort to play on both sides of the fence, monsieur!
Very well, very well!
There's no point getting on your high horse!
It's true, I confess
Well, yes! I confess!
And I've found you out, Godoy!
If you don't confess this minute, I will denounce you to Sir Gregory!
I suspected as much!
I was sure that...
Mmm.. no... wait... you're lying!
You are decidedly a very bad actor...
But I don't understand what you're up to...
If you are really working for Mortimer, why did he task you to question me like this?
[MINDREADING]
I don't understand!
If he really really is here on behalf of Mortimer, all he would have to do is to tell me the code we agreed upon...
Whatever happens, if he doesn't say "hummingbird", it means I've fallen into a trap!...
[PSYCHOLOGIE] Mortimer needs to know if he can count on you
Lord Mortimer trusts you, my Lord Duke.
But with all that's been going on, I admit he needs to feel supported.
And as you are a man of great qualities, in his opinion, he simply wanted to make sure that you will still support him.
Ah... now I understand.
I'm his right-hand-man
I'm his right-hand-man. I'm the one who takes care of any delicate matters.
You?
I would have thought that it would have been young de Richet, or President Washington.
Louis? Are you joking?
De Richet? That skinny runt?
Not on your life! Mortimer isn't mad, you know!
Yes, you're quite right...
Advancing with de Richet would equate to putting your own head on the block!
You Scumbag! I'll get you for that!
You can say that again...
Certainly not Washington
Washington?
You're dreaming, he's half senile. Mortimer only keeps him around for the sake of appearances.
A little respect, young man!
You are talking about a great man the likes of whom we shall probably never see again!
Well, frankly, Monsieur Bonaparte, I shall strongly advise Lord Mortimer to choose better team members.
It's not that I don't value you, but I sincerely think that President Washington would be a much better man for this kind of mission.
He is afraid you won't vote for him
You must understand his point of view.
He fears you might not dare follow him at the last minute.
That is all.
And with good reason...
How many times do I have to tell you that I will not be voting for Mortimer?
Is that clear?
Now do you get it? Have we finished?
Surely because he thought you would trust me
What a snob you are, Godoy.
Lord Mortimer simply thought that you would trust me.
You?
You're joking, I hope...
If not, Mortimer really is desperate, my poor man!
[IF MINDREADING] Hummingbird
Right, I think we've wasted enough time here...
I couldn't agree more!
Hummingbird!
Did you...
Pardon?
You heard...
Hummingbird.
At last!
Heavens above, why didn't you tell me before?
I didn't think I would need to.
Imbecile, someone could have caught us!
Good Outcome
Listen, I'll take your word for it but tell Mortimer that he's making me run too great a risk!
I already gave him my approval and we agreed not to speak about it on the island.
Just imagine for a minute if Holm had caught us. You might not know what he is capable of but I certainly do!
It would be the end of me!
The bastard! He really is a traitor!
Please excuse me, Duke Manuel. But that was not the intention.
I shall go and reassure Lord Mortimer about the vote, and I promise to avoid you running any more risks.
I hope so!
Now, please leave me. We mustn't be seen together!
Bad Outcome
Bonaparte, I really don't know what you're playing at but you seem completely off track.
For the last time, I shall follow Sir Gregory for the Louisiana vote and you can tell Mortimer that I'm not the kind to break my word!
Understood, but I...
I have nothing more to say!
Please leave me now!
Do you trust him?
Certainly not
Are you joking?!
I'll never be able to trust him!
He distills the information that he's willing to share, a drop at a time. He manipulates the people he needs, and gets rid of those in his way.
Sure, he's our father, but he can't count on me to follow him in everything he does.
Don't say anything, Louis
I don't know, it's... it's difficult to say.
He's our father, he's started to initiate me, and well he's been pretty decent...
...that said, you can't say he's gone about it in the best possible way to gain my total trust.
And you? What do you think?
Honestly, I don't know who to believe.
The only person I really trust is you.
So I'll follow you this time round.
I won't be voting for him.
