And may the best man win!
... Yes, we shall see...
Well played, Louis! A this rate, Louisiana is likely to remain Spanish forever!
Right, let's use this opportunity to get inside Godoy, I've got a few things I'd like to say to Mr von Wöllner!
Just one moment, my Lord Duke.
Yes, Monsieur?
Is there something you wanted to add?
Concentrate...
I need you to listen carefully to what I have to say, Godoy.
I am all ears.
Louis, push!
I need you to do me a little favor...
It's working, that's it, Louis! Get in his head!
Oh dear... what is happening to me, I... I do not feel very well...
I need your help, sir.
Get in his head!
Perfect...
Thank you, monsieur.
I'm sure I'll know how to take full advantage of your vessel... Now that I... am Manuel!
Duke Manuel.
De Richet.
I'm delighted to see you're standing by Lord Mortimer.
One cannot say that the situation is altogether reassuring but I must admit, he does know what he's doing.
Something tells me I've made the right choice.
So, to thank you for persuading me to join you, what would you say to a nice piece of Amber?
I am given to understand that you collect it?
Yes, thank you very much, sir.
Don't mention it, Louis, it is the least I can do.
Good, see you at the vote.
I'll see you later then.
Right, Godoy is on board!
Duke Manuel ?
De Richet ? I'm surprised you dare speak to me.
Come now, my Lord Duke...
I hope Sir Gregory will make you sorry for betraying him.
In politics, one must know how to play the ball on the bounce.
Duke Manuel.
De Richet.
Let me guess. How fortunate it is that I'm here because you wanted to speak to me?
You read me like a book, sir.
Sir Gregory warned us that someone from Lord Mortimer's group would come and try to persuade us to change sides.
I did not think that you would dare volunteer, given your previous ineffectiveness...
Your last attempt triggered a war between our countries, need I remind you!
Anyway, it must be said that you certainly have steel in your veins!
This might be hard for you to believe, but things have changed.
What are you implying?
[MIND READING]
He looks very sure of himself.
I wonder what he's got planned...
[MANIPULATION] String him along using his curiosity
I've simply found out more...
About what?
About the project, and also about the parties present.
It was enough to convince me...
I... Alright.
What have you found then?
When you find out, you'll hasten to join us.
Right! Well, you have piqued my curiosity, de Richet...
Mortimer intends to come to an agreement with the King directly...
It turns out that you're about to lose everything.
Is that all?!
I've been given to understand that Lord Mortimer was going around you by dealing directly with the King.
If you don't join him as soon as possible, you will be deposed by your own sovereign!
Louis, not only will you realize that I am the head of the government, but you'll come to learn it's not the King who needs cajoling..
What do you mean exactly?
Behind every great man, there is a great woman.
Unfortunately for you, the place is already taken. I've already taken care of it.
So I advise you to warn Mortimer to change strategies.
Even so, something is wrong...
[ETIQUETTE] Flatter him
Well, it would indeed be an honor if you'd allow me a moment to persuade you in turn...
A powerful man like yourself cannot...
De Richet, stop playing your little games with me.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
I just wanted to...
Be agreeable to me, I suppose... well, I am not impressed.
[IF LOUIS KNOWS THAT EMILY/EMMA IS MORTIMER'S DAUGHTER] England will follow Mortimer thanks to the Duchess
It turns out that England is going to follow Mortimer.
Are you joking? The Duchess has no interest in persuading the Queen to follow France.
No, Emily has no interest in following France.
On the other hand, she will have an interest in following her father.
What?! The Duchess is Mortimer's daughter!
That's right.
Good Lord, he has taken us all for a ride!
The worm has been in the fruit since the very beginning!
Do you have anymore information like this?
I have a funny feeling you're hiding something from me!
Why exactly did you choose to follow Lord Mortimer?
[MIND READING]
Mortimer has a plan... I knew it!
He must have persuaded the others, which means, I'm the last one...
Because Mortimer is my Father
Lord Mortimer is my Father.
What?
You too! Good heavens, this is becoming a family affair in the worst possible sense.
Listen, Louis, don't take it the wrong way but you have no real political power.
Following your father simply because he's your progenitor is the worst thing you could do!
Yes, but that's not all there is to it...
It's all very moving of course, but your political career is going to be short if you let your affections govern your choices.
If you have no other arguments, you'll understand that I shall not be following you this time round.
