He'll only see Godoy... but what on earth does he want from him?
I don't understand what came over you, Johann!
It's inexcusable!
I thought I was doing the right thing... Helping you to...
Helping me?
Are you joking? You can no longer stay here!
What? But why not...
If you stay here, you are as good as dead!
You being my son changes nothing, you attacked and hurt his son! It's the rules!
Even I cannot protect you for long!
But... Father! No...
You don't know William!
If Louis dies before you get off the island, you won't be leaving alive.
So you'd better pray that he recovers...
But... You're going to...
Just shut up for once...
You're going to leave the island immediately! There's no other choice...
I couldn't have known... If I had even guessed...
It's too late.
Make haste! Don't say goodbye to anyone! You will probably never see them again, anyway! I'll apologize to them on your behalf.
So... so I have to go?
I'll meet you in Berlin! Hurry now!
Are you leaving, sir?
Yes, well...I find myself...
Johann!
Ah, Duke Manuel...
Sir Gregory...
Thank you for agreeing to this meeting...
I wanted to make it clear that I am particularly disappointed by your change of sides and to let you know that from now on, you have definitively lost my support.
Come now, sir, there is no point...
No point in continuing with this discussion, I entirely agree.
You are wasting my time.
Good luck for the future. From now on, you're on your own.
Oh dear... I do believe I've just ruined Godoy's political career...
Duke Manuel...
Sir Gregory...
Mr von Wöllner is leaving?
Indeed, alas... Some business that simply can't wait.
But don't worry. Our plans haven't changed. We shall easily win the vote.
At this rate, there won't be anyone left TO vote...
I trust you completely.
Duke Manuel, here you are at last...
Sir Gregory, Mr von Wöllner...
Thank you for agreeing to this meeting...
I shan't beat about the bush, my friend.
I was very disappointed by your behavior. I had thought you more... loyal.
Consequently, my affection for you leads me to ask you to reconsider one last time...
I've already reconsidered it, Sir Gregory.
I shall be loyal to you when it comes to the vote. Have no doubt about it.
Excellent news indeed, my friend!
Did you hear, Johann?
Yes, and it comes at a most timely moment. I anticipate an overwhelming victory.
It goes without saying to keep it to yourself.
I would like to give William a nice surprise.
Whatever you say.
I'll leave you with Johann a while.
I still have a few things to settle.
I shan't be long...
See you later, Sir Gregory...
Oh, Godoy.
Come over here, I'm warming myself up.
I had the misfortune to step outside and I'm frozen solid ...
SUCCESS
I wonder what he was doing outside.
Something to do with what Holm asked him for, maybe...
He's back from the landing stage...
Damn, he must have gone to deposit Al Azif for someone to pick up...
(default)
Mr von Wöllner... I wanted to speak to you.
I'd like to make you an offer you can't refuse.
I'm all ears.
Now, we don't have much time, so here it is...
You will vote for Mortimer.
What a strange idea, Godoy! You are being ridiculous!
Tell me now, why would I do that?
Don't blackmail him for Piaggi
Blackmail him for Piaggi
Because I know you poisoned Piaggi.
I... But...
Is this a joke?
Certainly not.
And you know full well it isn't.
If Mortimer, or even Holm, finds out that you assassinated a guest during a conference, you are finished and you know it.
You filthy scumbag!
I didn't know you were this kind of man, Godoy!
And so?
Alright, alright. I'll vote for Mortimer...
Thank you, sir.
See you later...
Holm lied to us, he only serves his own interests
Sir Gregory has been taking us for a ride right from the start.
When it comes to this operation, he isn't championing the interests of our respective nations.
All he cares about is beating Lord Mortimer at his own game.
Oh, come, Manuel, where are you getting this from?
Name me even one decision by Sir Gregory that was in favor of Prussia.
My God, man, I didn't know you were so excessive.
You don't want to answer.
I will, just let me think...
You're pinned down. You will only get mere crumbs out of Poland. It will go to Russia.
And I hope you're ready for a global war because I doubt France will agree to our coalition.
