Yes, you're quite right...
Advancing with de Richet would equate to putting your own head on the block!
You Scumbag! I'll get you for that!
You can say that again...
Certainly not Washington
Washington?
You're dreaming, he's half senile. Mortimer only keeps him around for the sake of appearances.
A little respect, young man!
You're talking about a great man the likes of whom we shall probably never see again!
Well, frankly, Monsieur Bonaparte, I shall strongly advise Lord Mortimer to choose better team members.
It is not that I do not value you, but I sincerely think that President Washington would be a much better man for this kind of mission.
He is afraid you won't vote for him
You must understand his point of view.
He fears you might not dare follow him at the last minute.
That's all.
And with good reason...
How many times do I have to tell you that I will not be voting for Mortimer?
Is that clear?
Now do you get it? Have we finished?
Surely because he thought you would trust me
What a snob you are, Godoy.
Lord Mortimer simply thought that you would trust me.
You?
You are joking, I hope...
If not, Mortimer really is desperate, my poor man!
Hummingbird
Right, I think we've wasted enough time here...
I could not agree more!
Hummingbird!
Did you...
Pardon?
You heard me...
Hummingbird.
At last!
Heavens above, why did you not tell me before?
I didn't think I would need to.
Imbecile, someone could have caught us!
Good Outcome
Listen, I'll take your word for it but tell Mortimer that he's making me run too great a risk!
I already gave him my approval and we agreed not to speak about it on the island.
Just imagine for a minute if Holm had caught us. You might not know what he is capable of but I certainly do!
It would be the end of me!
The bastard! He really is a traitor!
Please excuse me, Duke Manuel. But that wasn't the intention.
I shall go and reassure Lord Mortimer about the vote, and I promise to avoid you running any more risks.
I hope so!
Now, please leave me. We must not be seen together!
Bad Outcome
Bonaparte, I really don't know what you're playing at but you seem completely off track.
For the last time, I shall follow Sir Gregory for the Louisiana vote and you can tell Mortimer that I'm not the kind to break my word!
Understood, but I...
I have nothing more to say!
Please leave me now!
My Lord Duke... My apologies for being late...
What? A Frenchman who apologizes?
Decidedly, my stay here has never ceased to uncover surprises...
So? Have you any more information about de Richet?
What do you mean?
Are you joking? We agreed you would check to see if de Richet really has changed sides!
Ah, that, yes indeed, it appears he has been brought over to Sir Gregory's side.
The traitor! He pushed me into turning against Sir Gregory to finally follow him himself!
[MANIPULATION] He must have found out something
If you want my opinion, he must be hiding something!
The villain! I was hoping he was just absent or busy snooping around all over the place in search of his mother!
No, it would seem he really has joined Sir Gregory.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I know what you mean!
I wager he knows Mortimer is going to lose the vote!
Don't you think we ought to think about ourselves and make sure we don't end up on the wrong side?
What? You would be prepared to leave Mortimer as well?
What do you say?
I refuse to be made a laughing stock!
[CONVICTION] The Golden Order has dropped Mortimer
De Richet has dropped us! It's time we moved on!
The Golden Order has turned!
You're too impulsive, Napoleon
There's still President Washington.
But it won't take much for him to turn too!
No, I don't see Washington leaving Mortimer.
No... I'm not convinced, sorry.
Don't you have any more information?
It's a fiasco...
There are fewer of us than on the first vote!
How do you expect to win all the votes? It's getting worse and worse!
Dammit, we're ruined!
Don't you think Lord Mortimer has a last minute plan?
I think he's pretending to have a plan, just to save face, but really the game is over!
He will never be able to persuade all of Holm's supporters!
If that is the case, I'm voting for Holm as well!
I think you're right, my Lord Duke!
After all, Sir Gregory was my first choice...
Exactly...
But till then, not a word to anyone for safety's sake, I think it's preferable!
Yes, you're right!
And we'd better not stay together, someone might see us.
Good luck, my Lord Duke!
Likewise!
Ah! There you are at last, Bonaparte!
My Lord Duke...
What a typically French attitude!
