True, said like that, I don't know....
I'm not criticizing, I'm in the same boat as you.
Spain will docilely follow Holm without getting anything in return!
Holm's playing with Louisiana even though it doesn't belong to him
Louisiana is Spanish... Consequently, I'm best placed to know what to do with it.
It's turning into a personal stake between Gregory and William.
Honestly, would you like it if someone told you what to do with Royal Prussia and Greater Poland?
Well... it depends...
No, don't try smoothing things over. You are a statesman, you know what I mean.
Today, Spain is weighed down by Louisiana, a source of epidemics, insurrections...
It prevents us from concentrating on exploiting the wealth in the western territories.
And I have to let Gregory decide?
I understand your point of view, but as far as I'm concerned I would rather be honest...
Holm has nothing to risk
Because Holm is finished.
And he isn't worth us sinking with him as he goes down.
Because after all, we're the ones taking all the risks. If Sir Gregory loses this conference, in actual fact, he loses nothing at all.
Ah, be quiet, Godoy! You don't know what you're talking about.
Sir Gregory has more to lose here than anyone. He serves people high up who might not forgive him if he fails!
Whereas the only risk you run is a call to order from your King.
But I trust you... you can always implore your Queen!
This is not a good start
Holm is on his own without any power
Because Holm doesn't really know what he's doing.
He reacts indiscriminately. He is isolated.
Don't underestimate his capacities.
He's far from being on his own. Just one word from him and nations will rise up in his support.
He no longer has any allies, look around for God's sake!
Allies?
He doesn't care about allies! Once back on the continent, he will raise armies willing to die for him!
They will all fall to their knees just to serve him!
Because you are making a big mistake on one point! He has no end of power!
Right... not a great start...
[MINDREADER]
Damn traitor is about to drop us!
You are wasting your time, Duke Manuel.
You know nothing about me and your attempts to manipulate me have no effect.
You behave as though we were close, yet ever since you arrived you've only been interested in your own little self!
Don't say that, Johann, we may not be friends, but we are allies.
Is that so? And what do you know about me exactly?
You loved Elizabeth Adams
I know for example that you felt a strong... attachment for Miss Adams.
I... But... How?
You weren't there!
As I said, we are allies.
I never lose touch with my allies. I take care of my allies. And when they are afflicted with grief, I sympathize.
I... I didn't speak about it to anyone...
No, and that's perfectly normal. It's your secret.
Thanks, all the same.
You found Al Azif for Holm
You are loyal and discreet. Just look at how you managed to get your hands on Al Azif for Gregory...
But how...
Well, I'm more attentive than you seem to think.
The fact remains, I was able to admire your expertise.
There wasn't a great deal to it in actual fact.
I wouldn't exactly call him modest!
I don't know whether or not Gregory realizes how lucky he is to have you in his ranks, but for my part, I know a great man when I see one.
I... thank you, Duke Manuel.
You've stolen Mortimer's maps
I know you've stolen Mortimer's geopolitical maps.
I've no idea what you're talking about.
They're hidden in your room.
But how the devil did you find out?
You'll soon learn that I always keep an eye out for my friends, sir.
In case they need me.
Well...
And you need me. Right now.
Continue...
It's true, I don't know anything about him
Not much, admitedly. But it's never too late...
Indeed, I would very much like to find out more about you.
It's never too late to...
Oh! And as luck would have it, just before the final vote?
You make me laugh, Duke Manuel... Really!
But I am being serious, really!
It's indeed the worst...
You're not dealing with a child, you know!
[MINDREADER]
If he knew I was Gregory's son...
He wouldn't try it on like this!
Other
You tried to poison Louis.
I might surprise you, Johann...
Oh! That's a rather facile approach to take, I would have expected more form you.
Like the attempted murder of young de Richet?
Pardon? Now, now, listen here...
Have no fear. If I wanted to talk about it, I would have done so already...
I am outraged, I...
Stop this farce! I couldn't care less if you wanted to have a go at him.
What matters to me now, is you understand that we have common interests.
Keep going, I'm listening...
You are Holm's son.
About you? Next to nothing... Except that you happen to be Sir Gregory Holm's son, right?
What? What do you mean?
But... I... I...
Ah! Now, I'm starting to be of interest to you, no?
I've never spoken to anyone about that!
Quite surprising, isn't it?
You see, I'm full of surprises.
In short, whether he's your father or not makes no real difference to me.
