[PSYCHOLOGIE] Holm knows he's going to lose
I have no faith in Sir Gregory.
Indeed! And why is that?
I don't know, he acts like someone who knows they've already lost.
Of course!
Given Mortimer's team, honestly didn't you have any doubts about your winning?
Sorry, not for one second.
Pretend that everything was planned
No need to apologize, Lord Mortimer planned everything to make you believe it.
What do you...
Everything is going exactly to his plan.
And how is Holm taking it?
So, I expect Sir Gregory is reassured...
I... no.
Oh, and why would that be?
He is worried. He thinks Lord Mortimer is planning something.
It all seems too easy to him, doesn't it?
Yes, but I'm sure Sir Gregory's concern is not justified.
Or rather he knows he's already lost.
But...
Not once has Lord Mortimer been the least bit worried.
Not once has he wavered, never has he had the slightest doubt.
And do you know the reason for such confidence?
No. I didn't need to ask whether or not to join Mortimer.
He acts like a winner. He knows he's going to win. The game is over.
And Holm knows it as well.
But where did we go wrong then?
Louis! Tell me! Where did we go wrong?
They're all going to vote for Mortimer, Manuel.
But... No! That is impossible!
Will you be the only one to raise a hand in favor of Sir Gregory?
I... But...
The one to whom everything happens... who reaps all the consequences.
No! I cannot afford to lose!
FOR SPAIN!
You are on your own
You're the only one left, my Lord Duke.
They'll all have turned away.
If you don't follow Mortimer, he'll never let you get away with it.
Even if you vote against at the conference and you save Sir Gregory's skin, what will happen to you afterward?
Sir Gregory will protect me! As he has always done!
Without any allies?
He will no longer be your protector, you will be his.
You against all the countries of Europe.
NO! I refuse to jeopardize my country!
Yet, that's precisely what you're doing.
Holm is about to bring you down with him.
He does a good job at hiding it, but that is exactly what is happening.
[POLITIQUE] Holm couldn't care less about Spain
You really shouldn't trust Holm!
Look at him! He's playing at a lot of different tables and you're clearly not his priority.
That is ridiculous, really!
He's allied to England!
Come on, you're not saying that Spain holds England in its heart, are you ?
You never stop fighting each other for control of the seas!
Monsieur de Richet, if I may offer you a word of advice, leave politics to those who do it professionally.
Now, have we gone through all your arguments?
GOOD OUTCOME
I... I do not want Spain to pay the price of an alliance made too hastily!
Not because of me!
Indeed, it would seem things have changed! Thank you for letting me know, Louis.
May I call you Louis?
Of course you can, Manuel.
In fact, to be perfectly honest, I... I never really made up my mind...
Naturally.
I... Yes...
D... do you think Lord Mortimer will tell me a little more about this, if I pop in to see him?
What is more normal than wanting to get informed before you make a decision.
Yes, I won!
Look at him, squirming on the end of the hook so as not to lose face...I love it.
Of course, he'd be delighted.
Perfect, it's a deal.
You can count on me at the conference, Louis!
Marvelous!
If you don't mind I'll be leaving you now, I'll go straight to Mortimer to tell him the good news.
Yes! Yes, please do, go ahead, Louis!
BAD OUTCOME
No, really, is that all you have?
Right, let us save time and stop this charade, Louis.
In all friendship, I must say, this conference has allowed you to learn from the very best...
But you're going too fast, in my opinion.
Damnit! No good, I haven't persuaded him...
You ought to grant me one more minute...
That's enough, Louis.
I have already stretched Sir Gregory's recommendations by granting you these few minutes, enough is enough.
I bid you good luck...I bid you good evening...
And may the best man win!
... Yes, we shall see...
Well played, Louis! A this rate, Louisiana is likely to remain Spanish forever!
I have already stretched Sir Gregory's recommendations by granting you these few minutes, enough is enough.
Right, let's use this opportunity to get inside Godoy, I've got a few things I'd like to say to Mr von Wöllner!
Just one moment, my Lord Duke.
Yes, Monsieur?
Is there something you wanted to add?
Concentrate...
I need you to listen carefully to what I have to say, Godoy.
I am all ears.
Louis, push!
I need you to do me a little favor...
It's working, that's it, Louis! Get in his head!
