(MIND READING) Read Piaggi's mind
Dear Lord, don't abandon me!
I am your humble servant, show me the way...
Make him feel guilty
I must admit that opposing you pains me.
And it pains Lord Mortimer a great deal as well.
I can well imagine... You should know that I'm not happy about it either.
He's an upright man, who, like yourself, spends his time helping others and doing good around him...
But you know that better than I do...
I owe him a lot, you know.
Your Eminence, if you feel you owe him something, let me tell you it's not too late to show it.
It's thanks to him that I took the holy orders. We met when I was very young, here, on this island.
After our encounter, I had the firm conviction that my duty was to take the holy orders.
To tell the truth, I owe him everything.
Have you ever thanked him for it?
Never...
You must find me ungrateful.
I wouldn't dare, your Eminence.
You came to persuade me to join him, didn't you?
I don't have that power, but I do sincerely believe that Lord Mortimer serves a righteous cause.
You are an angel who brings peace to the soul, my son...
Listen to your heart, your Eminence.
You are right. To hell with all this political manipulation.
Show him the way
Your Eminence, trust me.
I have faith in Lord Mortimer.
Let me show you the way and...
What did you say?
That I have faith in Lord Mortimer?
No, after!
Let me show you the way?
Yes, Louis!
You must show me the way!
Guide me into the light...
Come, your Eminence, come with me into the light!
He's got the wrong side
Your Eminence, the truth is I have come to persuade you that following Sir Gregory is a serious mistake...
Louis, I'll stop you right there.
I'm tired of all these political conspiracies. If that is the only reason for your visit, then I'd rather we stop this discussion straight away.
Is there anything else?
His dream was a premonition
I can't help thinking about that dream you had.
When Wöllner tried to harm me, what did you do?
I... I interposed.
You came to my rescue?
Yes...
Don't you think there might be a kind of message in that?
A kind of oracle?
Louis, couldn't we try to find a divine meaning in a dream such this?
But is that possible?
Of course, in absolute terms, it can indeed be.
That God would... ask me to protect you ?
We can't be certain, but we have to admit, that could be the truth.
Can you imagine what it would mean?
I... If God gave me a sign...
I can't ignore it....
GOOD OUTCOME
I... Yes!
I must listen to my conscience...
Listen to that little voice inside your head.
What does it say?
Yes, Louis.
I will vote for William's project. I will follow you.
I'm sure it will mean a great deal to Lord Mortimer, your Eminence
Once again, thank you, my son.
Please leave me now. I must pray.
Of course, your Eminence, I'll be on my way.
BAD OUTCOME
Don't take it the wrong way, Louis, but I would like to be on my own just now....
As I already said, I shouldn't even have opened the door to you...
And I'm exhausted.
I won't change my vote for the conference, I'm sorry for you.
I... Yes, excuse me.
Please excuse me, I didn't want to embarrass you.
I'll be off.
Dammit! I'll have to tell Mortimer that I didn't manage to bring Piaggi over!
Mr President, I was looking for you...
Well, and I you, would you believe it!
What on earth are you up to now?
You make me change my mind for the vote of the conference and then you proceed to change sides yourself?!
Yes, I... I do understand you being surprised.
I'm sorry but there have been new developments since then.
What are you talking about?
You're the one who was right
In fact, you were right.
I've been thinking about it since our discussion..
And I've been able to talk to the other guests.
You should have listened to me, you young fool!
You were absolutely right.
Please accept my humblest apologies, sir.
Alright, alright. I have my share of responsibility too.
After all, I didn't have to listen to you.
Sarah passed on her choice to me
I'm only representing the Golden Order, and replacing my mother.
I... I admit, I had cold feet about it but I must respect her choice above all...
That is precisely what I tried to tell you, Louis!
Sarah backed Lord Mortimer's project right from the start!
Yes, I remember it well...
Well, all right... Try to listen and have more faith in me next time, won't you?
My experience might be useful to you!
