Yes... yes! Of course I do!...
I didn't know you had even contemplated it, to be honest...
Play on the “family reunion”
I know it won't be easy for you, but my dream is to bring our family back together again.
Play on the children
I want our children to know their grandfather.
You can understand that, can't you?
Drop it, don't commit yourself!
Yes... yes! Of course I can!...
Even though it pains me, I must admit your dream is highly commendable.
Louis, I am touched. I didn't really think you believed in us...
Seriously... what insight...
Forgive me... I know I can come across as being a little abrupt at times.
But rest assured that my intentions are sincere.
Louis, that's wonderful... we are going to be so happy!
What on earth am I getting myself into here?...
As a sign of reconciliation, might you vote for Father's project... at the conference?
All right, Louis. He will have my vote...
Perfect!
You'll have to excuse me, I've some things to take care of. The preparations for the conference are terribly time-consuming and...
Of course, off you go, my love.
I shall think about where we should set up home.
I want a pretty estate where our children can grow up in complete safety, surrounded by the delights of nature...
Good, please do, madam.
I'll be going...
Promise to marry her
Emma, marry me!
You... wh... what... what did you just say?
Once all this is over, marry me!
Your husband is old, and he's at death's door! I know it's just a sham.
Once he's gone, marry me!
But... I thought... you were so closed off towards me....
I know, I can sometimes be surly and aloof, but please forgive me.
Yes.
Yes, you accept?
Yes!
I want to marry you!
Deliver the killing blow!
However, Madam... I have a request to make.
If you say yes, you'll make me the happiest man alive.
Go on, you can ask me, Louis.
I want us all to be reunited at our wedding.
Father included.
Use emotional blackmail
I can't get married without our father being there.
I beg you to forgive all of his sins...
Stop everything, this is going too far!
Louis, it's...
Madam...Emma...
Please. Give him another chance, I'm certain he'll take it!
What are you suggesting?
I don't know....
Vote for his project at the conference, for example?
It will show he can count on you and that we're all a real family, united!
Louis, I....
It's a lot to ask...
I know...
Alright.
You'll vote for his project?
Yes!
If it can bring us together, I'll do it. And he will give me his arm to walk up the aisle.
Thank you, madam!
I'll run along and tell Father.
I'll meet you later.
Yes, see you later, my love.
Dammit, what have I gotten myself into now?
Find her weakness
Emma, what happened to you?
Speak to me...
You just stop right there!
I'm not going to let you question me like this!
Assure her that Mortimer will grant her an estate
Madam, just think about what we might gain by following Father!
You just stop right there!
I don't know what's come over you but you're gonna have to pull yourself together right now!
Now leave me. You've given me a migraine and I'd like to be alone.
Right, just drop it, there's no hope for her...
Don't lose it, Louis. Leave what happened on the wharf behind and don't let yourself be overwhelmed by anger!
Concentrate on the conference... You are here only for the conference!
Now come on!...
Duchess?
Enter, Louis. You've timed your arrival perfectly, my dear friend.
I was about to come and see you.
Am I dreaming or is she making out that nothing happened...
Madam, I'm here for the conference. But I'd like to make it clear that I have not forgotten what happened on the wharf.
So I'd like to get straight to the point without wasting a second.
Louis, I was hoping...
Wrongly!
I'm only here because I wasn't given a choice.
I'd like to know which way you're going to vote.
I shall vote against Mortimer's project, of course.
Damn it...
No!
You will vote for!
I beg your pardon?
Yes, you are going to vote for and I'm going to tell you why!
What can make her change her mind?
Threaten her
You are going to vote for, otherwise once back on the continent, I shall hand you over to the authorities for the murder of my mother!
You don't have a choice, Madam, you'll do what I say!
