It couldn't have happened. I don't understand, Lord!
What's happening to me?
Calm down, your Eminence. Everything is all right, I'm here for you.
I didn't think that just talking about his dreams would affect him like this.
NO! It's not possible! Lord, help me!
Does he know about oneiromancy?
Tell me, your Eminence, have you ever been interested in oneiromancy?
The interpretation on dreams, Louis?
Well, I can't lend any credence to that sort of superstition. It's not serious, Louis.
Yet, there was a time when it was said that manifestations were revealed to the Prophets through their dreams.
The God of Israel says: "Do not let the prophets and diviners among you deceive you. Do not listen to the ideas that come to you in dreams"!
Louis, it's been quite some time since we learned to be wary of this kind of interpretation.
Alright, then. My mistake...
Speak about his dream
Tell me, your Eminence, do you know anything about symbols in dreams?
Come, Louis, the scriptural Law rejects all divination through dreams! You ought to know that.
Of course, I... I wasn't suggesting that these visions were messages from God, your Eminence.
But it might be that when we rest, our mind imagines situations based on things that left an impression on it.
Take your dream, for example. What did it speak of?
I'm not sure that I can speak about it...
Don't worry, your Eminence. There's no one else here but me.
Well, I was right here, in my room, and you came to see me.
Then it all became confusing... I know that Mr von Wöllner was here too.
He... no, no, it's not possible.
What was he doing?
He... tried to harm you.
Damn it, he does have memories of what happened...
Your Eminence, you have no reason to worry. Because I'm right here in front of you, in perfect health.
Yes... yes, you are right.
You're probably just a little tired. Overworked, that's all.
That's it, just a bit tired.
Anyway, thank you for listening.
Advise him to get some rest
Your Eminence, maybe you ought to get some rest. You look exhausted.
Out of the question, Louis.
I haven't come here to rest and my obligations come before my personal needs.
Please excuse me, Louis, if I've wasted your time.
You came to see me about the conference, I imagine, and here I go rambling on about I don't know what nonsense.
No need to apologize, your Eminence. Think nothing of it.
What did you want to speak to me about?
Right... it's now or never to get him to change his mind!
(MIND READING) Read Piaggi's mind
Dear Lord, don't abandon me!
I am your humble servant, show me the way...
Make him feel guilty
I must admit that opposing you pains me.
And it pains Lord Mortimer a great deal as well.
I can well imagine... You should know that I'm not happy about it either.
He's an upright man, who like yourself, spends his time helping others and doing good around him...
But you know that better than I do...
I owe him a lot, you know.
Your Eminence, if you feel you owe him something, let me tell you it's not too late to show it.
It's thanks to him that I took the holy orders. We met when I was very young, here, on this island.
After our encounter, I had the firm conviction that my duty was to take the holy orders.
To tell you the truth, I owe him everything.
Have you ever thanked him for it?
Never...
You must find me ungrateful.
I would never dare, your Eminence.
You came to persuade me to join him, didn't you?
I don't have that power, but I do sincerely believe that Lord Mortimer serves a righteous cause.
You are an angel who brings peace to the soul, my son...
Listen to your heart, your Eminence.
You are right. To hell with all this political manipulation.
Show him the way
Your Eminence, trust me.
I have faith in Lord Mortimer.
Let me show you the way and...
What did you say?
That I have faith in Lord Mortimer?
No, after!
Show you the way?
Yes, Louis!
You must show me the way!
Guide me into the light...
Yes, yes your Eminence, come with me into the light!
He's got the wrong side
Your Eminence, the... the truth is I have come to persuade you that following Sir Gregory is a serious mistake...
Louis, I'll stop you right there.
I'm tired of all these political conspiracies. If that is the only reason for your visit, then I'd rather we stop this discussion right away.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
His dream was a premonition
I can't help thinking about that dream you had.
When Von Wöllner tried to harm me, what did you do?
I... I interposed.
You came to my rescue?
Yes...
Well, don't you think there might be a kind of message in that?
A kind of oracle?
Louis, we shouldn't try to find a divine meaning in a dream such as this?
But is that possible?
Of course, in absolute terms, it can indeed be.
That God would... ask me to protect you ?
Well, we can't be certain, but we have to admit that, that could be the truth.
Can you imagine what it would mean?
I... If God gave me a sign...
I can't ignore it....
GOOD OUTCOME
I... Yes!
I must listen to my conscience...
