I would like you to hear me out without interrupting, it's in your interest.
You are in a perilous situation and I want to avoid you becoming a laughing stock.
He is kind...
That's very kind of you...
What's he talking about?
What exactly are you talking about?
The reason why we are all here!
You might think you can win but...
Indeed, it looks that way, doesn't it.
Well, think again! You don't know everything.
In actual fact, all of Sir Gregory's team is working for Mortimer.
If you vote for Holm, Mortimer will never forgive you.
And I can assure you that he has taken down far tougher than you.
Are you threatening me?
Not me, Louis.
But you are the only one who hasn't turned against Sir Gregory.
Join us, vote with us if you do not want to feel the wrath of Mortimer, alone.
Is that all?
That's all, yes.
I just wanted to warn you.
Now, you are free to vote where your conscience leads you.
Good luck.
So he's the one who's been persuading them all to turn back...
I just got to hope that Holm has managed to pull off his conjuring trick. Otherwise Bonaparte's right, I'll be the only one voting against Mortimer and therefore the only one to face the consequences...
Louis, a moment of your time, please.
Yes, monsieur.
What can I do for you?
I would like you to hear me out without interrupting, it's in your interest.
You are in a perilous situation and I want to avoid you becoming a laughing stock.
He is kind...
Very kind of you...
What's he talking about?
What exactly are you talking about?
The reason why we are all here!
You might think you can win but...
Indeed, it's looking pretty much like it.
Well, think again! You don't know everything.
In actual fact, all of Sir Gregory's team is working for Mortimer.
If you vote for Holm, Mortimer will never forgive you.
And I can assure you that he's taken down far tougher than you.
Are you threatening me?
Not me, Louis.
But you are the only one who hasn't turned against Sir Gregory.
Join us, vote with us if you don't want to feel the wrath of Mortimer alone.
Is that all?
That's all, yes.
I just wanted to warn you.
Now, you're free to vote where your conscience leads you.
Good luck.
So he's the one who has been persuading them all to turn back...
I hope that Holm has managed to pull off his conjuring trick.   Otherwise Bonaparte is right, I'll be the only one voting for Mortimer and therefore the only one to face the consequences...
Your Eminence?
...
Your...
Goddammit! Your Eminence!
Damn...
I can't feel his pulse...
He's dead...
What the hell is going on here...
I've got to let Mortimer and Holm know about this.
Can you tell us how you found him, Louis?
I went to speak to him about the conference, I knocked on his door.
As there was no answer, I... I went in and I... I saw him exactly where he's now.
I took his pulse but it was too late.
William?!
Nothing to do with me, Gregory, if that's what you mean.
And you?
Of course not, poor Giuseppe was with me. I had no interest in getting rid of him.
Louis?
Me? Of course not!
No, I thought as much.
I was wondering if you had any idea about what might have happened.
Say nothing
No, I've got no idea!
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure. I haven't the faintest idea of who did this.
Well... we'll take care of it now. Thank you for letting us know, Louis
I shall inform everyone that his Eminence has had to return to the continent for personal reasons.
I must ask you to keep it to yourself.
Wöllner had threatened him.
I know who might have held a grudge against him.
Really! And who might that be?
Well... it's... it's awkward...
Don't worry, you can talk in front of me, Louis.
I gave no such order and if it concerns one of my guests, I need to know their identity.
Well, there's Mr von Wöllner...
Johann?
Continue, Louis.
Why do you think Johann would have had a grudge against his Eminence?
I heard him making threats.
When he tried to attack me earlier, Piaggi stepped in and Mr von Wöllner swore he would get even.
Gregory!
Wait, William!
You mustn't judge Johann prematurely!
Under my roof?!
William! If Johann has anything to do with this tragedy, I demand the right to take care of it personally!
He knew the rules and I will not tolerate him attacking a guest like this!
I'm asking you to let me handle it!
It's against my better judgement, but permission granted.
Don't make a mess of it, though, or I'll take care of him personally.
