My poor friend, you are off your game.
I understand your pain following Sarah's death, but you've got nothing on me.
And I don't know where you think you are going with this attempt to intimidate me, but I really must tell you that it's simply pathetic.
But I...
Shut up!
You have no power over me!
Make her think they've all changed sides
You are going to vote for Mortimer because it's in your interest to do so.
My god, whatever next?
How far will you go with this devotion toward Sir Gregory?
Don't bother trying, Louis. You won't convince me.
Even if I tell you that all the other guests have switched sides and that you're the last one?
You're bluffing...
You think so?
Wöllner would never go against Holm!
I admit it wasn't easy.
How the devil did you...
I'm here to warn you...
What do you think will happen if you're the only one against him?
Well... I...
I don't think he'll tolerate it, madame.
If you persist, you will be putting yourself in danger.
I can't believe it....
How is it possible?
So what should I tell him, then?
Will you be voting for him?
Of course.
How could it be otherwise...
Tell him that it will be a great honor for England to support him in such an extravagant venture.
Guarantee her Mortimer's victory.
Duchess, if you remain with Sir Gregory, you'll be losing everything.
Mortimer is on the verge of winning all the votes and if by misfortune you are the one who makes him lose this conference, frankly I would not like to be in your shoes.
Oh, Louis.
Seeing you try such trickery, you must be really desperate...
No... it... it's...
My poor friend... I'm sure that if you asked Sir Gregory, he would welcome you amongst us.
Seeing you like this just makes me so sad.
Mind reading
...
Wait, what ?
That's strange, I can't pick up any thoughts...
Well, it seems like we're finished here.
Is there something you wanted to speak to me about?
Emma?
Come in, Louis...
What can I do for you?
What with the conference soon upon us, I would have thought...
You are absolutely right!
I wanted to wait a bit before talking to you, but as you are here...
I've been thinking about what we shall do once we get back.
How to arrange the house, prepare the rooms for the children... Yes, I want three and the first one will be a boy.
We shall call him Louis, like his father.
Oh man, this just keeps getting worse...
She's drifting deeper into madness.
I ought to help her!
Right, I can't exactly leave her like this...
Let alone allow her to be manipulated for the sake of this cursed conference.
Mortimer has to help her!
Please excuse me, Madam.
Just remembered I've got something to do...
Come back quick, my love.
See you later, madam.
I must warn Mortimer that she can't go on like this. I'm sure he can help her.
Just too bad! She's got what she deserves!
It would almost be sad if she didn't totally deserve it!
She wanted to play and she lost! And I'm not going to save her!
Anyway, we'll have time to talk about it later.
Regarding the conference, as we are going to vote against Mortimer's project, I thought you ought to warn Sir Gregory.
No, wait...
I'm sure he'll reserve you a prime seat at his side.
No, you don't understand...
What do you mean?
I intend to vote for Mortimer
I came to see you precisely to let you know that I'll be voting in favor of Mortimer's project to sell Louisiana.
I beg your pardon?
And I wanted to fnd out if you would be willing to follow me...
With Mortimer?
You can't be serious, Louis!
Never will I follow him! Must I remind you he abandoned me when your mother tried to kill me!
[MANIPULATION] Persuade her to vote for Mortimer
Emma, I think it will better if we sided with Father.
I'm sure he will be very grateful to us.
Over my dead body!
I will never side with him! He might be my progenitor, but I refuse to follow him!
[PSYCHOLOGIE] What has she got against Mortimer?
Emma, I admit he's not perfect, but what exactly is your problem with Father?
My problem?!
He never cared about us! Open your eyes!
Take a look at the opulence around you! Don't you think our lives would have been better if he had given us just a second of his attention?
Emily and I grew up in the streets!
Yes, we made it out of there, but we've only got ourselves to thank!
I grew up dreaming of an imaginary family in the orphanage for young girls in Bloomsbury...
We were punished so often we were afraid to put a foot wrong... it was hell!  Hell, Louis!
Then, petty scams and tricks to pay for a miserable room where we had to spend half the night shooing away rats!
It took us ten long years before we managed to get into high society, ten years to get noticed by the queen.
And not once did he reach out to help us!
And to top it all, when I finally agree to set foot on his island and Sarah leaves me for dead, what does he do?
Maybe he didn't know...
Nothing! He did nothing!
If Gregory hadn't tended to me, I would have died that very night!
