Oh dear... what is happening to me, I... I do not feel very well...
I need your help, sir.
Get in his head!
Perfect...
Thank you, monsieur.
I'm sure I'll know how to take full advantage of your vessel... Now that I... am Manuel!
Good, I mustn't lose too much time...
See you later, my Lord Duke... Have a nice rest.
Good, I mustn't lose too much time...
See you later, my Lord Duke... Have a nice rest.
De Richet! I told you that I did not have time for you, I will ask you to leave me alone.
Dear friends, I'd like to thank you for your continued trust and confidence.
I admit that during these past few days there has been much upheaval.
I understand you have all been affected by this.
Nevertheless, the world doesn't stop turning, and we are in fact on the verge of reshaping the modern world.
That is what we are all here for, my Lord!
Thank you for your enthusiasm, Monsieur Bonaparte.
Now you all know what we have to do.
I cannot warn you strongly enough: if one of Sir Gregory's guests asks to speak with you, remain on your guard!
It is highly likely that he will try to rally as many supporters to his cause as he can.
Don't worry, William.
We are all here to support your project through to its conclusion.
Thank you, George.
Now, please, go and get some rest before the conference begins.
Which won't be long now.
Louis, stay with me a moment, won't you?
I'll be needing your services, in a certain matter...
Yes, of course! What's the matter?
Louis, you are the only one here who I totally trust.
It is very likely that Gregory will take possession of some of the members of our team.
I shall keep them in check over the next few hours.
However, I'll need you to... how can I say this... to persuade the members of Gregory's group.
What do you mean by that exactly?
You'll have free rein, my son.
Persuade all of them! Use every possible means imaginable! But no physical violence, let's be very very clear about that!
You must bring them all over to our side! One after the other!
What if I can't?
And what if I fail?
I have faith in you, my son. Great faith.
That notwithstanding, should any of them resist, we'll decide what to do afterwards.
Let him finish
You can do this! I know it!
Very well, Father.
Now go, and come back and see me once you've finished!
I'll be off then.
Louis, there you are...
Well? Tell me, how did it go?
I did my best.
Whom did you manage to persuade?
Father, before we start, I've a favor to ask of you.
Do you really think this is the right time to ask?
Yes, it might give you the impression that I'm forcing you but...
I'm listening.
It's about Emma.
Help her, please.
What do you mean?
She's in a bad way, Father.
She's your daughter. We need to get her off the island as soon as possible.
Her state of health concerns me greatly and she needs to be cared for.
She's losing her mind.
You are aware that she's Sir Gregory's guest, not mine.
I'm not the only one who decides these things.
I'm sure you can persuade him.
Alright, I'll have a word with him.
Now, tell me who you've managed to bring over to us?
I have some bad news, Father.
I'm listening.
None of them agreed to join us.
They all...
What?! What on earth happened?!
Well, either they aren't convinced by the project, or they think it's a lost cause.
But you had the means to persuade them, Louis.
How could you have failed me like this?!
I'm sorry.
I should never have let you handle it.
I had too much faith in you, I was blind, you weren't ready...
What an imbecile I am!
Don't blame yourself...
Leave me, please Louis. I have to think the situation through.
But I...
Louis!...Go !
Very well, I'll let you be.
Well, there's no point in wasting any time. I'm proud to report they've all come over to our side.
Ha, ha, Louis, I'm impressed!
I was sure you would succeed!
I'm proud of you, my son!
Even Johann!
How did you manage to do it?
Tell him how you did it
I possessed Godoy...
You possessed Godoy... Of course!
Very ingenious of you, I must say!
Evade
A magician never reveals his tricks.
Hahaha! And right you are!
And you should be proud. You've earned that right!
Son, you've accomplished a veritable tour de force...
I couldn't have done better myself!
Now, we are ready! The conference may begin!
Piaggi
