Yes, listen to that little voice in your head.
What does it say?
Yes, Louis.
I will vote for William's project. I will follow you.
I'm sure it will mean a great deal to Lord Mortimer, your Eminence.
Once again, thank you, my son.
Please leave me now. I must pray.
Of course, your Eminence, I'll be on my way now.
BAD OUTCOME
Don't take this the wrong way, Louis, but I would like to be on my own just now....
As I already said, I shouldn't even have opened the door to you...
And I'm exhausted.
I won't change my vote for the conference, I'm sorry for you.
I... Yes, I'm sorry.
Please excuse me, I... I didn't mean to bother you.
I'll be on my way now.
Dammit! I'll have to tell Mortimer that I didn't manage to convince Piaggi!
Please leave me now, Louis, thank you.
Your Eminence, would you have a moment?
I shouldn't really, Louis... As you can imagine.
Rest assured, I've come just as a friend, I assure you.
Alright then, Louis, but be quick
Thank you, your Eminence.
No matter how I look at it, between my affection for you and the conference...
I can't hide my disappointment at your changing sides, Louis.
With all due respect to Lord Mortimer, how could you follow him like this?
I understand your disappointment, your Eminence, but I have good reason to.
I... It's got nothing to do with it but...
You... You didn't come and see me in my room a few hours ago, did you?
Hmm... does he remember anything?
Ah, no, sorry.
You must be mistaken, I've been speaking to Lord Mortimer in his study.
I... I must have dreamed it then...
It seemed so real.
Don't blame yourself, your Eminence, we are all exhausted, I can assure you.
That's very kind of you, Louis.
I  don't know what's wrong with me at the moment, but I feel rather fragile.
Poor man seems terrified. It would be good idea if I reassured him a little before trying to make him change sides.
What did you want from me exactly?
(MIND READING) Read Piaggi's mind
It was... so real...
I... I don't understand it.
Oh Lord, are you going to try me again?
God be with you
You Eminence, don't worry over such a small matter.
God sees you and knows the value of his servants.
Thank you, my son.
You have worked all your life, to spread the good word.
Don't worry, your Eminence.
I'm sure you'll find the answer to your dreams. God is with you and he will show you what you need to know.
You are right, Louis.
Thank you for your kind words.
What does he remember exactly?
If you don't mind my asking... What did you dream of, your Eminence?
It's rather confusing, Louis.
You were here... as well as Mr von Wöllner...
But no... it's impossible!
What is?
No, nothing!
It couldn't have happened. I don't understand, Lord!
What's happening to me?
Calm down, your Eminence. Everything is all right, I'm here for you.
I didn't think that speaking about his dreams would affect him like this.
NO! It's not possible! Lord, help me!
Does he know about oneiromancy?
Tell me, your Eminence, have you ever been interested in oneiromancy?
The interpretation on dreams, Louis?
Well, I can't lend any credence to that sort of superstition. It's not serious, Louis.
Yet, there was a time when it was said that manifestations were revealed to the Prophets through dreams.
"The God of Israel, says: Do not let the prophets and diviners among you deceive you. Do not listen to the dreams you encourage them to have"!
Louis, it's been quite some time since we learned to be wary of this kind of interpretation.
Alright, then.  My mistake...
Speak about his dream
Tell me, your Eminence, do you know anything about symbols in dreams?
Come, Louis, the scriptural Law rejects all divination through dreams! You ought to know that.
Of course, I wasn't suggesting that these visions were messages from God, your Eminence.
But it might be that when we rest, our mind imagines situations based on things that left an impression on it.
Take your dream, for example. What did it speak of?
I'm not sure that I can speak about it...
Don't worry, your Eminence. There's no one else here but me.
Well, I was right here, in my room, and you came to see me.
Then it all became confusing... I know that Mr von Wöllner was here too.
He... no, it's not possible.
What was he doing?
He... tried to harm you.
Damn it, he does have memories of what happened...
There, you have no reason to worry, because I'm right here in front of you in perfect health.
Yes... yes you are right.
You are probably a little tired. Overworked, that's all.
That's it, just a bit tired.
Anyway, thank you for listening.
Advise him to get some rest
Your Eminence, maybe you ought to get some rest. You look exhausted.
Out of the question, Louis.
I haven't come here to rest and my obligations come before my personal needs.
Please excuse me, Louis, if I've wasted your time.
You came to see me about the conference, I imagine, and here I go rambling on about I don't know what nonsense.
No need to apologize, your Eminence. Think nothing of it.
What did you want to speak to me about?
Right... it's now or never to get him to change his mind!
