I convinced George Washington
I failed to convince George Washington
I swung the deciding vote in favor of Lord Mortimer
I swung the deciding vote in favor of Sir Holm
I found out about the poisoning of Giuseppe Piaggi
I spoke with Manuel Godoy
I spoke with Johann von Wöllner
I spoke with Giuseppe Piaggi
I spoke with Lady Hillsborrow
I spoke with George Washington
I participated in the vote
I took mental control of Napoleon Bonaparte
I revealed the poisoning of Giuseppe Piaggi by Johann von Wöllner 
I tried to convince the guests to follow Lord Mortimer's plan
I spoke with the guests who were supposed to be supporting Sir Holm
You should get ready for the conference, Louis.
My friends, here we are at last, gathered together to close this conference.
I would first of all like to thank you all for making the time to be here and lend your services.
Gregory, I... I believe I may speak for both of us, when I say that we are honored by your presence here.
You... you are perfectly right to do so, William.
Thank you... for putting your faith in us and for coming here to participate... in this conference.
Thank you for helping us to make... the best decisions.
And I especially want to thank you, William.. for... for... perfectly hosting us at your home during these past several days.
I'm not sure all the guests would agree to that...
In any case, Holm doesn't seem to be himself...
I would like to add that unfortunately, Monsieur von Wöllner has been called away at the last moment and will not be able to participate in the vote.
And that is not all...
Duchess Hillsborrow will also not be voting.
The poor woman has suffered a lot of upheaval lately.
As she was feeling quite poorly, she apologizes, but she preferred to return to the continent.
The Duchess?
I hope it's nothing serious?
Don't worry, Mr President.
I had someone escort her. The duchess simply needs rest and now she is in good hands.
And finally...
Cardinal Piaggi has also decided to leave us and will not be able to attend the conference.
I must say, Sir Gregory, you are beset by bad luck.
Indeed, one would think that I am hounded by ill fortune.
As you will have noticed, Monsieur Péru is also absent.
Good, I think we can begin.
You will vote in turn on the question that interests us today.
Are you FOR or AGAINST the transfer of ownership of Louisiana from Spain to France?
Monsieur de Richet?
VOTE FOR
I vote FOR.
VOTE AGAINST
I vote AGAINST
Duchess Hillsborrow?
FOR
AGAINST
FOR
AGAINST
Duke Manuel?
FOR
Damn it!... I didn't realize he was also a traitor...
AGAINST
Your Eminence?
FOR
But... I...
Gregory, please...
AGAINST
Monsieur Napoleon?
FOR
Mr Von Wöllner?
FOR
What?! But...
Gregory!
Please refrain from interrupting the voting!... you know the rules brother...
AGAINST
President Washington?
FOR
Jacques Péru?
Yes!
And finally, Monsieur de Richet. What is your vote ?
My turn...
VOTE FOR
I vote FOR.
"And while they were eating, he said, "Truly I tell you, one of you will betray me.""
VOTE AGAINST
I vote AGAINST.
So be it...
The votes are now cast...
The project is therefore approved...
Dirty... traitor!
Mr Godoy, soon you will be in charge of passing the territory of Louisiana over to France.
It will be done...
What have you done?!
Me? Nothing, dear brother.
So you were not won over by my project. Hmm, that hurts.
I... I warned you!
You di... you didn't want to... listen to me...
Never mind, it will still come to pass.
Traitor! Wh... what have you done?!
You are... you are obliged... to respect your wo... your word...
That is the... the... the rule!
The time of conferences is over, dear brother.
Let us abandon all this charade.
You don't... have... the... right!
What have... you... done... to me?!
What have I done? Nothing, Gregory.
