Too bad for you! You can't say that I haven't...
...thank you very much for the loan of this body, monsieur.
Right, let's not waste any more time, Louis, Godoy is waiting!
Louis!
My God, it's becoming an obsession.
I asked you to leave.
Monsieur Bonaparte...
Louis! Indeed a surprise...
Aren't you supposed to be double-locked inside your room, like your allies?
Hah, actually, I've always thought that in order to make an attempt at humor it is preferable to have some...
Right, that's enough, you are wasting my time!
Leave me, thank you!
I've no time to spare!
Monsieur Bonaparte...
Louis!
Indeed a surprise... Aren't you supposed to be double-locked inside your room, like your allies?!
Don't get defensive, Louis...
Monsieur is teasing me.
French humor, something you at least know a little about...
Please don't take it the wrong way.
Did you want something?
Yes, for you to test the duke's loyalty, since that he will speak to no one but you.
Well...
Whatever it is, I haven't the time.
The conference will shortly begin and I want to be focused, sorry.
Come back and see me afterwards.
I see I haven't much choice...
Leave him
I'll be leaving you.
See you later.
Take control of his body
Seeing as Godoy will only talk to Bonaparte and Bonaparte will talk to no one, I have no other choice but to borrow his body...
Don't hold it against me, Napoleon!
Look, I'm sorry!
This conference is of utmost importance to me and I should like to be prepared for it.
Concentrate, Louis...
 You don't mind if I sit down.
I don't want to fall flat on my face when my spirit passes inside you...
No, I don't think you've understood, de Richet...
Link into his thoughts, Louis.
I said I did not want to be disturbed...
That's it, I sense something...
What word in "leave me alone" do you not understand?
Just stay on him and pass inside...
NOW!
Too bad for you! You can't say that I haven't...
...thank you very much for this loan, monsieur.
Right, let's not waste any more time, Louis, Godoy is waiting!
Louis!
My God, it's becoming an obsession.
I asked you to leave.
Leave him
I'll be going.
See you later.
Take control of his body
“No need to hurry with Wöllner.
We are certain that he will concede given the severity of it all.
Best surprise him at the last minute.”
“No need to hurry with Wöllner.
We are certain that he will concede given the severity of it all.
Best surprise him at the last minute.”
Looks like Wöllner's opposition is in the line of fire...
I don't like the sound of that...
Your Eminence?
Oh, Louis... What can I do for you?
Not too nervous about the conference?
Even if I add Lord Mortimer's reaction into the equation, I must admit I don't know how we can lose.
It will only take one of us to vote against his project and the idea will be definitively dropped.
Knowing Mortimer, I wouldn't be surprised if he still had a few tricks up his sleeve.
You are thinking about something?
[MINDREADER]
Dear God, I am doomed!
He knows!
He knows I'll be voting for Mortimer.. but how?
The scoundrel! He's a traitor!!
Maybe he has turned some of Holm's guests
Let's say it wouldn't be impossible for Mortimer to influence some of Holm's supporters so they vote in favor of his project.
Come, Louis.
You don't really mean that!
And if it were like that, I can assure you that Sir Gregory would have noticed.
You are worrying over nothing.
Very well.
So everything is fine, then.
Better safe than sorry, right?
You are right, and frankly, you have absolutely nothing to fear.
Perfect.
Allow me to leave you then.
I am expected elsewhere.
Of course, please do.
You could betray Holm, for example.
Well, maybe he has managed to motivate some of Sir Gregory's supporters to vote for his project, for example?
I... No, you can't be serious.
Do... do you know anyone capable of that, Louis?
Yes... Yes I do indeed know someone.
Who then?
Double dealing cheat! So you're the mole!
Do you really want me to tell you, your Eminence?
What do you mean? I'm not sure that I understand.
Confess!
I think you know better than anyone who would be capable of pretending to be on Sir Gregory's side while secretly planning to betray him.
